[Music]
even though
after all these years i still wait
come on already stretch those red
strings out to me
and finish this
[Music]
the world is out of time you need to
kill me
if there's going to be anything left
worth saving
[Music]
the virtual brainlink cable will now be
connected
this will hurt much more than it did in
training be strong
beginning
[Music]
i'm okay we can do this
so this is the pain of sas this is fine
i can handle it good
seems like you're okay
this aptitude test will determine your
platoon assignment
do your best yes sir
kasana randall identity confirmed
the other suppression force aptitude
test will now begin
exterminate all others
okay that ends your training you're an
official member of the osf from tomorrow
[Music]
cadets now have 24 hours of free time
until then
make sure to get some rest before your
duties tomorrow
[Music]
understood
so how was the test pretty easy as usual
how about you
i was able to handle an actual sas
connection thanks to your advice
you have a lot of potential you should
be more confident
i'm just glad you were so calm you said
that you had that dream again
the dream about red strings you've been
having that dream since you were little
yes
don't take your hands off the red
strings
i wonder if it has something to do with
your power
i don't think it does from what i saw
the osf's analysis of my power
worrying about things we don't
understand won't change anything
i'm more worried about you i hope they
put us in the same unit
yeah me too i bet we'll find out soon
though
people tend to misunderstand you so i'd
be worried if i weren't around to look
after you
look who's talking you're so clumsy i
have to stick around to protect you from
yourself
that's so mean
hey aren't we going to sumaragi tomb
after this
oh yeah they're doing a collaboration
with baki right now
you get a keychain with every fortune i
can't wait
you really like bucky don't you of
course i do he's so
cute come on let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
there are a lot of people here well the
holidays just ended
and this is the founding father yakima
sumaragi's tomb
wait the collaboration event with baki
is at a grave site
i think the country is trying to make
yakimo sumaragi feel more like a
familiar figure to us
though people already pray to yakima
like a god so
maybe they're familiar enough with him
already yakumo
the hero who saved humanity i think i
saw him in one of my textbooks
he was wearing a mask his face was
injured during the spring of extinction
he's also the chairman's ancestor that
reminds me
i heard someone from the sumaragi family
is in our class
so anyway i found where we can draw our
fortune
my fortune is a really good one i'm
starting to feel better about my life in
the osf
what about you mine is horrible
okay then give me your fortune
hey here you could have my good fortune
you didn't have to do that it's just a
scrap of paper
i'm the big sister here i just want to
protect you from bad luck
thank you no problem
you know on days like this you could
almost forget there are vicious others
out there
yes but we live in a world where these
others roam freely outside the city
walls
the instructors are expecting a lot from
you they're sure you'll reach a rank
near septetrion in no time at all
i don't care about rank i just want to
protect you
honestly what did i just say i'm your
big sister
i'm the one who's going to be protecting
you
of course hey i mean it
[Music]
what is it
oh it's nothing i was just thinking that
the boy on the right was kind of cute
really they both look like they were osf
members
you might get a chance to talk to him
when we get in
you think so that would be nice anyway
we got the bucky keychain we came for
want to get a bite somewhere yes let's
look for a cafe
[Music]
huh others
and other alert but today's other
forecast said that there was no threat
in this part of suo
[Music]
they're landing here in the city
all units double time come on the second
way through
fire
a transfer warning they're deploying the
scarlet guardians
septentrione karen and fabuki
[Music]
it's the septentriones the major
generals karen travers and fabuki spring
regiment plan a rollout
civilians head to the shelter
they're septetrions so we should let
them handle this
let's get to the shelter oh right
let's hurry
other was defeated with one blow
septetrion first
class brain eater major general karen
travers is amazing
brain eater so he eats brains like those
others
no his power copies the powers of other
psionics
that's why he can use so many different
powers
[Music]
this isn't the time to be watching tv we
have to evacuate
[Music]
somebody help
look out it's too dangerous
we're not real osf yet we can't just
leave that person to die
we're the only ones here with the powers
to fight others
if you want to save her then let me do
it
i'm going to fine you take the right
i'll take the left got it
kasane it's them the guys i saw at
sumaragi tomb
[Music]
ten seconds from now yeah
they're in trouble even i can tell
you take care of the guy who got knocked
down just now i can handle that other
alone
got it
[Music]
now died
that's odd you a civilian
huh it's her
oh
you're osf oh no i'm a cadet
i see either way our goal is the same
what do you mean goal are you an idiot
huh shh something's coming
huh what's coming
[Music]
here we go huh okay
good work that should take care of all
the other readings around here
yes kasane i saved that boy
nagi you're okay
yeah naomi saved me man i must look like
an
idiot i'm just glad you're not hurt
thanks sis oh you two are sisters
yeah they're both osf cadets like us
let me introduce myself i'm nagi karman
[Music]
this is yuito sumoragi
i'm naomi naomi randall this is my
younger sister
kasana randall
[Music]
so it was you making all that trouble
the scarlet guardians have eradicated
the others
huh you saved ryujin ward in that
amazing victory over the others
what well
what is this a victory interview it is
how do you feel
what
we should be able to talk here uh
what's going on i'm luca traverse your
septetrion 6th class luca travers
it's embarrassing when you put it that
way but yes
that's correct are you all cadets please
open your personal port so i can confirm
your identities
no objections thank you
so all four of you are osf cadets cadets
aren't allowed to fight others
i i'm sorry isn't osf responsible for
allowing others to enter the local
airspace and putting civilians in danger
kasane
you shouldn't say something like that
those are some harsh words
but you're right cadet cassani randall
i'm sure you all have something to say
but first report to osf headquarters
keep away from the press got it
understood what's that
oh casualties from the battle two
osf troopers on guard duty were killed
i think it's censored but it's best not
to look too close
huh why because others eat human brains
yes looking at headless bodies can have
negative lasting effects on your mental
health
oh i just imagined it they should
teleport or report them out
it's too far to the morgue and powers
aren't omnipotent
we have time so let's talk a little i'm
sure you know
but one person can only use one type of
power
but each kind of power has peculiarities
and aptitude
just as there are types of powers each
person has strengths and weaknesses
to use them in combat we must rely on
devices to lessen the stress on the
brain
that's why things that can be
accomplished without powers
or things with low priority are done
manually
right sorry now then
i'll be going that'd be us if we didn't
get the others first
i wouldn't let that happen we're all
567th class
right we'll stick together and become
great fighters
yeah don't worry i'll protect you sis
let's go oh goodbye yuito
nagi what's wrong
why didn't we go with them to
headquarters because we can't
those two are nothing but trouble we
should stay away from them
but are you interested in that yuito guy
well i did think he was cute when i saw
him at sumaragi tomb
i see then i'll check him out stay away
from him until then
check him he's a sumaragi sumaragi
you know the chairman of the council oh
so he's the chairman son that will make
them easy to check out
casane you don't pay enough attention to
things so let me do this
let's go back to headquarters for now oh
wait
your hair clip is crooked huh
let me fix this for you there that's
better
thanks no thank you for putting it on
i know you don't really like things like
this i like anything you make for me
this shows that we're sisters right yeah
it's just for the two of us you better
take care of it
hey there are those cadets you must be
cadets naomi and kasane randall
that was an amazing fight against those
others
huh just ignore them let's go
you're still just cadets weren't you
afraid
your father is the ceo of randall
industries was it his idea for you to
become cadets
talk about femme fatales right here
you you're that kissani randall
so what if i am kasane
don't be so cross ah come on sheeden
that's not how you make friends
captain sedo i i wasn't
first things first i need to take care
of this right now
your cadets naomi and kasane randall
right
i'm setto narukami second regiment
eighth platoon
septetrion 7th class captain seto
narukami
oh you've heard of me yeah that's what
they call me
the chief sumiragi has asked to see both
of you hurry to his office immediately
chief sumaragi is he related to yuitoshi
he's yuuito's older brother oh right
you fought alongside yuito sumaragi i'm
sure you'll quickly come to realize that
the chief is stricter than his little
brother
he's probably going to chew you out for
fighting without orders while cadets
but getting yelled as part of your job
you'll be fine
i think you did a good job though
[Music]
so
let's welcome our new members for this
year kasane
naomi introduce yourselves
kasane randall my power is psychokinesis
pleased to meet you is that all
you seem shyer than i thought all right
next yes ma'am i'm naomi randall
i'm kasane's older sister and my power
is precognition
i can only see the immediate future
though
i'll do my best to help everyone out i
don't have much experience but i'm glad
to be here
that was a very good introduction naomi
the randall sisters are our new members
kasane graduated at the top of her class
and naomi was fifth they're both
intelligent
and very talented that being said
they're just little ducklings who barely
have their footing
so you all need to help them out now i'd
like to welcome
sheedan who transferred from kodama
platoon please introduce yourself
she then ritter my power is
electrokinesis i don't plan on being
your friend
[Music]
looks like you're still in your
rebellious phase
what let's see gemma
you know sheedan right he's stubborn so
he didn't fit in with kodama platoon
but he's a real hard worker everyone be
nice to him
don't make fun of me no one's making fun
of you
i know you'll be nervous at first but
try to get along with everyone
we're a family here in kyoko platoon
think of me as your mother
you can talk to me about anything
[Music]
oh right i guess i forgot to introduce
myself
i'm kyoka eden and my power is
duplication
i'm leader of the eighth company of the
first regiment and commander of first
platoon
everyone else introduce yourselves
gimma garrison my power scolero kinesis
nice to meet you
i guess there are no volunteer soldiers
here
volunteer soldiers people that joined
the osf because they wanted to
not because they were scouted they're
trash compared to scouts like us
sheeden i won't have discrimination like
that in my platoon
it's not discrimination it's just a
distinction
take it back sorry
um i guess i'm last
i'm haruka frazier
[Music]
my power is telepathy nice to meet all
of you
good now that everyone's been introduced
it's time for your on-the-job training
we'll be operating in teams of two
kasane and shiden
gemma and naomi connect your sas i'll
support everyone as commander
we'll rendezvous mizuhagawa in one hour
dismissed
hey kasani i'm team leader got that
i'm worried what you don't think i have
what it takes
huh what are you yelling about
what you sorry but i'm going to get
myself in a different team
where does a new scout like you get the
gall to make fun of me
are you an idiot look
kasane we're all in the same platoon so
we have to get along
sorry about that cheating why are you
apologizing
i'm just worried about being separated
from you i'll go ahead and talk to the
major
kasane despite my looks i'm the
commander here
i'm much stronger than you so don't
worry
also from what i saw of her results
naomi is a great fighter
you should believe in her understood
major
good remember to be nice to sheedan
let's go naomi yes ma'am
all right let's connect our sas i'm the
leader
what you have a hearing problem
no good let's go and don't fall behind
we're going to miso hagawa
hold up a second you're haruka right
yeah nice to meet you i have a message
for you concerning bias
seems like i missed you in the original
communication sorry
bias it's the name of a brain assistance
system that amplifies and helps maximize
your power
it's being developed by the osf
every year they choose subjects to
gather combat data on the system
you've been chosen as one of them it's
still in development
so it's unstable and they're not sure of
the side effects
so they want me to be a guinea pig what
am i supposed to do
i'm glad you catch on quick well it's an
order so you can't refuse anyways
try starting it up i think it finished
installing along with other systems
is this it nothing really changed
the system is working in your brain
using your power to make visions visible
powers are just the ability to visualize
in the end
they get stronger the more you focus on
them
sas connections should be smoother as
well unfortunately the pain never gets
any better
i got the gist of it i just need to keep
it activated at all times
also this is just a rumor but i thought
you should know
some say bias can cause people to lose
their minds or
become emotionally unstable so
take it easy tell me right away if you
notice anything strange
sure i'll tell you if i do sorry to take
your time
don't be late for your mission see ya
an experiment i wonder if it'll work
well worrying about it won't change
anything
the rendezvous was at mizuhagawa i'll
head out when i'm ready
[Music]
everyone's here major eden
may i ask a question oh naomi we call
each other by our first names in the osf
don't be so formal no one looks their
age here
and our ranks they're just words on
paper
the osf only recognizes strength
[Music]
i don't like to say we judge on strength
alone but that's mostly how it is
so what was your question
[Music]
right havreka isn't here yet i wonder if
something happened
haruka is our platoon's operator she
directs us from the back with telepathy
can you hear me i'm able to communicate
telepathically within
a 500 kilometer radius without the
system's assistance
it's draining though so i need you to
join the group
naomi kasane open your personal ports
[Music]
the team leaders are naomi and
oh kasani that's awfully nice of you
sheedan
letting the new scalpy leader no i
i thought it would be best this way so i
volunteered
huh well well
it's big of you to go along with that
sheedan
okay let's get this mission on the road
follow haruka's navigation to the
specified goal
take out any and all others you see
along the way if you decide not to fight
i authorize you to retreat
that's all copy that
okay be careful don't provoke cheating
too much
the new urban development ward what a
boring assignment
it doesn't matter if a mission is boring
or not you're such an idiot
no real others come out here it's the
perfect place to train cadets
when your power gets as strong as mine
[Music]
what's that drone oh
man they found us even though we were
jamming them
major kyogre crows what
i didn't know we had any probate with us
crows do you mean the press
and probably after little miss randall
she's a hero that saved civilians
no kadama platoon is in the restricted
area farther in
they're probably here for arashi
always surrounded by crows
[Music]
i finally got out of kodama platoon but
i still end up
fighting along with them listen up
everyone
i know the crows will be in your way but
try not to get distracted
[Music]
wow team kassani is first to the goal
team shiden would have been first too
something's here good one you picked up
on the other before i did
wait a minute this one's a major other
major gemma a major other has appeared
at the objective
major others are others that killed osf
members in the past
yes here it comes
i'll intercept we'll be there in a few
minutes
just hold on contact with a major other
don't overdo it kasane she then follow
her lead
[Music]
now we're talking hope you're ready to
see how strong i am
quit barking then it's time to show me
to fight
did we do it
this thing is tough
what the hell do you think you're doing
i can protect myself
thank you very much
the hero of this fight is of course
second lieutenant cassane randall
who took down a major other on her first
assignment
congratulations lieutenant randall let's
hear what she has to say
how do you feel
you must be tired your first victory on
your first deployment
isn't that satisfying she didn't give
all the orders
ask him about it what
so sorry i'm late that was a good fight
oh dear poor sheedan
this is arashi sorry looks like you
caught the crow's attention
are she you're right they got shiden
we'll take them that's not like you
kudama gets depressed if there are no
crows around
[Music]
hi captain archie spring
we're about to do a full sweep for
others looking forward to seeing all you
reporters there
oh they're finally gone let's go back to
sueo everyone
copy that
[Music]
is that yuito looks like he's in seto
platoon
damn why did he get in settle platoon
good work today everyone we had some
trouble but nobody got hurt
so was a good day your assignment for
today is over
your next orders will be sent directly
from the higher ups
you can't deny a deployment order so go
to the designated place and time and
carry them out
suppression missions and training can be
taken on as you please
you should think about participating if
you have the free time
oh seto the pampered sumiragi kid
what's with the attitude wait naomi
oh nagi and yuito naomi and kasane
hi good job today
kyoka are you training rookies too
yes we got a bunch of cuties again this
year so i have to do my best
my guys are doing well hey casane was it
how was training i think i did as well
as i could
good
hasani wait
what is it naomi oh
um are you all right huh
oh i'm fine i just saw you on himuka tv
you looked way too composed to be a
rookie i was very impressed
thank you
kyoko platoon everyone except team
leaders is dismissed
team leaders come with me to
headquarters
same for us team leaders the
uh kasani what
um have we met
somewhere before we fought an other
together
did you forget oh no
not that so
you have a sister you mean naomi
did you get hit in the head
you're weird but your power was pretty
good
good luck oh
thanks are you done talking to them
major what do you think of him him
you mean yuito hmm
i didn't actually hear the full details
but rumor has it that major general
karen has his eye on him
i see that doesn't tell me if he's good
enough for naomi or not
well let's go back to headquarters we
have to let haruka know we're returning
i'll go with you kasane i'm leaving now
oh kodama i thought you were in
mizuhagawa
[Music]
i just got back are you taking care of
the rookies kyoka
good work kyouka you're an excellent
mentor so i'm sure the rookies will feel
comfortable with you
it's an honor to hear that from you
major general fubuki
you must be kasane and naomi i'm sorry
the crow showed up on your first mission
why are you apologizing major general
fubuki
those crows were actually out there for
orashi so i guess you could say i feel
responsible
i see i saw your grades from the academy
you both have great powers i'm sure
you'll hear a lot from outsiders
but do your best and don't let that
distract you i'm counting on you
that was good you two that was great
casane
good for us major general fabuki is
septetrion second class it's so cool
that he said he was counting on us
if you say so since he acknowledged you
i guess major general fubuki is a good
man
welcome back i saw the major through the
window so i thought i'd come meet you
the mission is complete now that we've
notified haruka you're free to do as you
please now
you can train or go on a suppression
mission whatever you want
of course resting is part of your job
too but just sitting around will dampen
your skills
so don't get too comfortable
[Music]
i'll head out i'll go too major
me too all right if that's what you want
kasane you come with me naomi you help
haruka support us
i want to go too no you can't
did someone from my family talk to you
no you're still tired from training
today
i just think you need some rest kasane
is still good to go
you understand right yes all right
let's head to kikuchiba
come out wherever you are
you're a nasty one
cockerell we're here to help major kyoka
you're a life saver this is getting out
of control
here we go kasane understood
thanks you two i guess you could say
you're my guardian angels
what are you doing here and i just well
i thought i saw an other i was looking
for around here i
came alone to check and then this
happened how embarrassing
anyway we have to look for my commander
apparently he lured away this crazy
other when he came to help me
captain seto he here too
he is i'm sorry but can you do one more
favor for me
i can't leave my commander behind yes
let's go after him he's a septetrion so
he can't be killed that easily
but better to be safe
[Music]
that's a septetrion for you joker
and is that kaguron kasani it's not safe
around here
it looks like the others numbers are
growing around togetsu
kasonic huh
you're so cool captain i think i might
be falling for you
oh what a man
knock it off your praise never sounds
genuine
are you hurt kasane oh
no i'm fine good i'm glad
oh that's not good your bag is bleeding
setto it's just a scratch
you got that defending me i'm sorry
no this is my fault don't worry about it
let me see this is bad captain
we need to treat this this place isn't
safe
luca could move us if he were here
um there's an emergency shelter near
here that the randall family used to use
when they travel to togetsu
it will be safe there i'll send you the
coordinates
oh that's good captain major kyoka
let's go sorry
i'll show you the way
so this is the randall shelter unit rich
people even have comfy shelters
this is a nice place we could get a lot
of work done if we used it as a hideout
a hideout what do you mean
oh you haven't heard yet each team has a
safe house outside of headquarters that
we call hideouts
we use them as relay points if someone
is hurt far from headquarters
and when we need to resupply our rest
during missions
they're basically secret bases hey
could we use this place as kyoko
platoon's hideout
[Music]
you say some crazy things sometimes
major kyoka
this safe house is civilian owned i
don't mind
the randalls have more safe houses than
they know what to do with
i found the first aid kit captain sedo
i'll patch you up please show me your
back
the wound was pretty deep i'm glad we
found a first aid station
sorry to bother you with it you haven't
treated many
wounds have you did i do something wrong
no you just looked a little unsteady
your hands were shaking
you're not just the cold hard warrior i
thought you were
i'm sorry i'm not very good at this
captain setto
i've never really done this before
i'm usually the one that gets hurt my
sister is much better at this than i am
oh my so little miss randall is a tomboy
actually i'm adopted so i don't count as
a member of the randall family
i'm sorry i shouldn't have said that
well all families have their problems
i'm an immigrant from togetsu and joined
the osf as an adult
it's uh complicated as an adult
someone scouted to the osf much later in
life
the elites treat us just as badly as the
volunteer soldiers
come on now i don't treat you that badly
kaguro
that's why i love you captain
there you go again anyway thanks for
fixing me up kasane
you're welcome since we're here we
should probably get some rest
sato shouldn't be moving until the
bleeding has stopped
all right time to get some shut eye
weren't you saying you were looking for
another
did you find it what do you mean did you
find it
how could i i was attacked by two major
others
oh i see well if you're going to act
like that
then how about you do something for me
what
what what do you want you know the
fountain pen i got as a gift from major
general karen when i was made a
septetrion
i think i dropped it somewhere in
kikuchiba uh
you mean that really expensive looking
platinum
decorated fountain pen that's the one
think you can help me buy a new one with
your savings captain i don't have that
kind of money
i'm kidding i shouldn't have been
walking around with something so
important
but it bothers me not having it what a
mess
what's wrong kasani oh nothing
this was the first time someone got hurt
because of me
i said don't worry about it okay
i'm gonna get some rest
it's naomi randall i'm coming in
thank you for coming all this way sorry
you had to go shopping just because i
got hurt
don't worry about it this unit hasn't
been used in a long time so it's out of
a lot of things
i apologize for the inconvenience
there's nothing for you to apologize
about
that's right we're the ones who just
barged in here
thanks sis don't mention it
i'm so happy you trusted me with this
aren't you being too easy on your little
sister
maybe but she's so cute i could just eat
her up
naomi must be nice
oh she didn't you don't have to look so
sad
i think you're cute too
what makes you think i was sad
[Music]
i'm glad you're getting along with your
new platoon so well she then
hey i know you requested to transfer to
my team sorry we couldn't take you
captain seto a transfer request
if you can do that maybe naomi and i can
transfer together
[Music]
and then what i guess things are fine
the way they are
[Music]
um sorry it's nothing
i don't know what to talk about this has
never happened before
major there's a matter i wish too
oh kasane we're not on a mission you
don't need to call me major
are you sure yes
let's forget about our ranks when we're
in private just speak freely
okay in that case
kyoka there's something i want to talk
to you about
sure ask me anything are you feeling
sick
or is there some problem you're
struggling with
no i was just wondering if you could
give me some advice on combat
like you did when i was a cadet you're
quite formidable as it is
i don't think there's anything you need
to change about your fighting style
hmm oh there
is another important element when it
comes to combat other than powers or
strategies
it's luck luck
yes i think it's important to maintain
good luck to avoid unforeseen accidents
i know let me give you something
it's a protective charm i got recently
that's really special
it'll protect you from danger i don't
really want it but it'd be rude to
refuse
i'll just take it for now and put it
away somewhere
you have to keep it on you all the time
during battles and even your everyday
life
it won't be effective otherwise
i'm so glad i was able to give you that
charm now i won't have to worry when i
can't be there with you
kyoka i have a favor to ask you could
you
not be so nice to me what
what do you mean by that you've always
taken care of me as my superior officer
since my days at the academy
but we're both in the osf together now i
want you to look at me like an equal
instead of someone in constant need of
taken care of
i guess i have been a little too
overprotective
and i don't think i can accept this
protection charm
it'll get in the way during battle
what i see
my charm is a nuisance i see
i didn't think she'd get this upset
[Music]
was it too much how come you always look
after everyone in the platoon
i didn't have a family when i was
growing up
that's why i consider my osf platoon my
family
but as long as you keep fighting in the
osf you can't avoid goodbyes
it hurt me every time i've lost a friend
in battle
i was so concerned about never wanting
to go through the pain again
i've become overly sensitive about
losing my friends
i'm sorry for pushing my selfish
feelings on you i'm sure you don't need
that extra burden
i guess to her everyone in the platoon
is like what naomi is to me
family i guess i understand how you feel
now
that doesn't bother me at all look after
us all you want if that's what makes you
happy
do what you need to do thank you
hearing you say that makes me so happy
you've grown so much this still seems
like overkill
but there's no real harm in taking it
i know would you take this protection
charm too
i hear that having two will double the
benefits
i think one is enough
[Applause]
kasane are you having trouble with
anything not particularly
oh that's good then you always were a
good student
just tell me if anything comes up don't
work too hard
uito wants to see me perfect i'll need
to see for myself if he's worthy of my
sister
i also might be able to find captain
seto's fountain pen and kikuchiba
hey you came thank you now
about my message i'm glad you get
straight to the point
i was getting tired of people who forced
small talk
thanks sorry let me just say something
first
what is it is there anyone you like
what what's your type what are your
plans for your future
are you interested in taking over
randall industries
wait hold on why are you asking me that
he'll take advantage of naomi if he
figures out how she feels
who wouldn't be thrilled to be liked by
her
i'm writing a background check is that
the reason
is that why you agreed to see me
not just that captain seto seems to have
dropped his fountain pen around here
somewhere
i wanted to talk to you anyway so i
thought i'd ask you what you knew about
it
his fountain pen now that you mention it
i guess captain seto did have a nice one
how come you're looking for it why
i wonder so even you like to ask too
many questions
huh don't look at me like that we can
talk while we look for the pen
i guess you're not as useless in battle
as i thought
that was unexpected i think he might be
able to protect naomi
hey i have something i want to ask you
too
is that all right what
when i was little i was attacked by
another and almost died
but then someone from the osf saved me
and she looked just like you
so i was wondering if you knew anything
about it
we're about the same age when you were a
child i would have been one too
no i mean maybe you have a much older
sister
shh quiet
an enemy get ready to fight okay
looks like we won huh
isn't that captain seto's fountain pen
behind you
this is it thanks you are a big help
anyway back to what you were saying
about the osf person who
saved me did you check the osf registry
of course but i didn't find her
i thought maybe she was discharged oh
right
the person who saved me had the exact
same hair clip as that one
can you tell me where you bought yours
that's not possible
my sister made this for me what
really how is someone he met as a child
wearing an accessory my sister made
is his present mixing with his childhood
memories
hmm your power is psychokinesis too
do you think you might be having
realistic dreams
dreams
i can't really say for sure i was a kid
at the time and my memory is a bit hazy
i've always had strange dreams oddly
realistic dreams
a woman muttered something about red
strings and then red threads encircle me
like a cocoon
i thought my dreams were real when i was
a child it was confusing
i thought that since you also have
psychokinesis maybe you had realistic
dreams too
no i'm sure it wasn't a dream it has to
be real
that person gave me this ear cuff that's
not possible
there must be a misunderstanding maybe
he suffers from delusions
i see then i don't think i can help you
any further
oh no i uh i'm sorry
that was a weird thing to bring up it's
fine
well we found the fountain pen so i
guess i'll head back
right thank you that was a good
background check
he's not ready to take care of my sister
yet more importantly
i need to give back captain seto's
fountain pen
all right goodbye
[Music]
excuse me captain seto i came across
this and i believe it's yours
yes it is where'd you find this
i was just in kikuchiba and happened to
find it there it was just luck
i see well thank you very much this is
very important to me
i'm glad to have it back yes
well i'm pretty tired so i'm going to go
rest
i'll be going now that's a good idea
rest well
i think i'm tired i should rest
is cassani asleep yeah she must have
been beat
i guess that's to be expected everyone's
nervous on their first day
so much happened you're right she looks
like she has it together but she can be
awkward sometimes
by the way seto you seem to be really
concerned about kasane
yeah sorry she's your new scout but i
just can't get my mind off her
she reminds me of my first new scout she
was pretty awkward too
i heard a major other
yeah and i couldn't protect her i'm
reminded of her every time i look
at kasane but i might have taken it too
far i'll be more careful
i'll be taking kaguro back to suo soon
what are you gonna do
i'll wait with naomi for cassane to wake
up
oh and sato can you take sheed in with
you too
he looks up to you so i know he'll be
happy if he can go back with you
roger you're so popular
i'm jealous
[Laughter]
it's an honor to hear that from the
prettiest girl in the osf
all right see you back in suho
don't take your hands off the red
strings
that dream again oh you're awake
perfect timing i was just thinking we
should go back to suo
ah where's captain seto setto already
went back to suo
oh did he hey kasane
i just heard from nagi he said sedo
platoon is going to do a joint training
exercise with kyoko platoon
do you want to join in now that's a good
idea
you should go i'll go if you go naomi
if it's a training exercise it'll be in
the facility at osf headquarters
i'll go with you back to suo
bye then have fun training
oh yuito great we're all here now
time for some three-man field exercises
the rules are simple
there will be a single flag placed on
the field the team who grabs it and
reaches the goal first wins
and you'll be happy to know that your
beloved kaguro has saved up his
hard-earned allowance to provide the
winning team with a luxurious prize
whoa all right how are we dividing up
the teams
a lottery system courtesy of me and
implemented by sagumi
we all draw strings and team up by color
let's draw already
looks like we have our teams let's do
this you two naomi and i are in
different teams
yes nagi gamma
you'll regret it if naomi gets so much
as a scratch
[Music]
got it don't worry my power is
specialized for defense
sagumi let's do our best okay
um happy to be working with you kasani
your power is pyrokinesis right i'm
counting on you
[Music]
um sagumi is with us too do you know her
her power is clairvoyance i know of her
okay let's get started
[Music]
i'll be team leader huh
i don't care oh well if tsugumi doesn't
mind i guess that's
fine all right tsugumi use your
clairvoyance to find a blind spot near
the goal
huh why the objective is to get the flag
and cross the goal
rather than searching around for the
flag it'll be easier to just ambush the
team that finds it and take it
what well i guess that's one way we
could do it but that doesn't really feel
like
training i found a blind spot
i'll send the location data
nice job let's go what
[Music]
okay we'll wait here sagumi
let us know when the flag holder gets
within range
copy that
hey kasane is it true that you fought
with yuito and ryujin
yuito if you mean yuitosumoragi then
it's true
um how did that happen i just
saved him and nagi after they were
attacked by another
by the way are you two friends what
oh we were childhood friends so you know
a lot about yuito
what kind of person is he can you trust
him
of course he's friendly and kind too
and he does cute little things like
collect baki merchandise
but why are you asking me this kassani
do you
they're here it's hirito shiden
it's not naomi's team if they let
anything happen to my sister
i swear if she's hurt
i will crush every single one of them
it's okay naomi is strong
what's next i can shoot now and get the
upper hand against them
if you want no let's divide and conquer
we'll take them down without giving them
the initiative
[Music]
whoa i lost a yuito of all people
she's good hard to imagine she's a fresh
scout
you really are amazing yuito
damn it we underestimated them
hey it's just as they say cassani
randall isn't messing around
[Music]
good one kasani i can't take all the
credit
tsugumi and hanabi did a lot of the
heavy lifting your team may have had
some coordination issues
but i think your individual skill is
still very noteworthy
thanks i wasn't trying to give you a
compliment
oh okay
you're strange did i say something funny
sorry to interrupt but here's your prize
good work today what is it
i got a message from my father he never
sends messages
oh hmm
well i guess it's time to call it a day
thanks to everyone who participated
you're acting strange kagura
what do you mean don't you
hate training exercises
well i thought it would be a good
opportunity to show off to the newbies
there's some real cuties this year
and you cheated drawing strings
shh i just wanted to team up with the
new guy and
see what he's got
[Music]
i wonder where ueto is with his
performance in that training exercise
he just makes the cut to be my sister's
boyfriend
i wonder what he thinks of naomi i
should ask
i'm sure he likes her
kassani you have to planet orders a
large group of others has been cited
the location is an abandoned subway i
need you to head over there right away
copy that what about naomi she's already
on her way
get your orders from the major once
kyoko platoon is all together
got it i'll worry about you until later
[Music]
thank you haruka okay you've all heard
the situation from haruka
it looks like there's a swarm of others
in these abandoned subway lines
the extinction belt has descended to
lower altitudes
so now they're underground i'm sure you
all know about it but let's confirm for
the newbies
naomi tell me what you know about the
extinction belt
it's an abnormal phenomenon that's
thought to have appeared because of the
spring of extinction
it's gathered near earth's stratosphere
and surrounds the planet
the others are born inside the
extinction belt and have been observed
descending to the earth's surface
but not much else is known
that's right so you should never go near
a place where the extinction belt is
thick
others could show up anywhere it's very
dangerous
also the extinction belt contains
particles that may jam our
communications
if that happens you can only count on
haruka's telepathy
without the help of a communicator my
telepathy will only transmit one way
pray the communicators don't go down
i'll also have to take control of the
whole company so gemma will be temporary
platoon commander
what why gemma sheeden
if you have a complaint we'll talk about
it after this operation
gemma i'm counting on you roger
this will be a joint operation between
the seventh and eighth company from the
first regiment
and the first and second company from
the second regiment
this is a large-scale operation so i
need you all to refrain from going off
on your own
[Music]
kyoko platoon maintained the front line
and move toward point alpha
sheed in kasane and i will connect our
sas naomi will support us from the rear
move out
sunny stop kyoko platoon has arrived at
point alpha
sato platoon is two minutes behind
signal when iran is doing
others above get out
what i can't hear you
i see them they're coming from above in
20 seconds
get out of the way is that your
precognition
spread out
extinction built damaged communications
it's rare for them to go completely down
naomi get to settle platoon and ask for
reinforcements the rest of you
get ready to take out the others
i wonder where the other platoons are
you're right there were supposed to be
over 40 people deployed here
i don't see anyone else around point
alpha
i hope others didn't get them
kyoko platoon disperse they're coming
from above
get out of there
naomi
thank you you saved me is everyone all
right
gimma garrison and tsugumi nazar
reporting in
there are two more nearby yuito
you alive naki where are you right now
next to the rubble i'm with naomi let me
reboot the gps
what's wrong nagi others from all around
us
naomi this is bad
there are too many others we have to
hurry
i'll clear the rubble
there are too many i'll help you
naomi naomi are you okay
i'm okay i just hurt my leg a little
i'm gonna kill it hey calm down
i will once i kill it you handle things
over there
gamma can i kill it now fine but listen
to uito and calm down
shut up it's dead
[Music]
naomi
i'm okay i'm heading to
[Music]
now
naomi watch out
what is
naomi what's wrong naomi
naomi
oh
huh
what's going on don't take your hands
off
the red strings
i'll fight too
um
what naomi
stop please stop
what are you doing this other is naomi
a transfer power you need strong
abilities to move something that size
[Music]
wait where did you send naomi
hey kasane wait
where are you going you can't run off
during a mission
let go
don't try to resist i'm too strong for
you
i'm impressed you're able to calm down
so quickly
why are you stopping me for your own
sake
and for naomi's so you know what
happened to my sister
she metamorphosed she can't change back
not like this anyway what do you
know what i know is that the only way to
make naomi human again
is to entrust her to them i'm not even
sure what happened and you're telling me
to trust you
you're not even sure what happened and
you're doubting me
i'm sure you at least understand that if
you get naomi back now
she'd just be killed as another is it
really safe to let a mysterious group
like that take her
that's the ceyron garrison of the
national defense forces
they won't kill her i can guarantee that
but don't ask me why they won't kill her
right now
and don't notify the osf command about
the fact that naomi has metamorphosed
don't tell anyone about this if you do i
can't vouch for naomi's or your safety
are you saying they'll kill me they
won't kill you
your ride is here think hard before you
act
don't trust new himuka you'll regret it
if you do
ah sheedan is sending a distress signal
up ahead you should help him
major general karen yuito and gemma
you two take care of her i'm returning
to the front line to regroup the units
yes sir kasane
uh where's naomi i suppose i can tell
you
since you saw the whole thing she was
taken by troops stationed in seyron
so that car was from the ceyron garrison
yes
so something's not right
when i reported this to major general
fubuki he told me not to tell anyone
else and to tell you to do the same
major general current said the same
thing
why tell us to keep quiet does that mean
osf is hiding something
i don't know major general fubuki said
it would protect us
and take a look at this it seems like
the seyron garrison dropped this too
i remember seeing this at home when i
was a child
according to the major general it's a
drug that temporarily boosts powers
he wanted me to turn them over but i
managed to keep two of them without him
knowing
that was a smart decision in any case
why would something like that be at my
home
the randall family is involved in weapon
development
anything related to drug manufacturing
would have only been joint ventures with
spring pharmaceuticals
he also mentioned that this drug was
classified information
it seems like the top brass of the osf
know about it
spring pharmaceuticals is major general
fabuki's family company perhaps the
commander knew because of that
don't trust new himuka what
what is that supposed to mean
it's something karin said i'm not
exactly sure what he meant by it either
if this ampoule really is from ceyron
then does that mean the randalls and
springs are cooperating with ceyron
even if that's the case it just leaves
us with more questions
it might be best to do as we were told
we keep this to ourselves and look into
it privately
that ampule seems to be pretty important
might be a good idea to hide it
then i'll hide the ampule inside bakke
huh
[Music]
i didn't think you'd know how to sew i
was always told to be independent
ever since i was little done
there's two so who's going to hold on to
them
i'll pass i think you two should
probably carry them
back my sister would have been so happy
kasane about naomi
i'm sorry i knew that other was naomi
but i was scared i i had no other choice
but to fight
[Music]
stop it i'll get naomi back just don't
get in my way
this might come off as naive but
i want to do what i can to help save her
too
it is naive but thank you
oh nice one sagumi looks like everyone's
here
huh where's naomi isn't she with you
what's wrong i'll tell you later
uh where's nagi and captain seto and
hanabi
nagi is with the rescue team on the
front line
captain and hanabi are totally fine
they're worried about you so we should
get out of here
no the rest of you go first she didn't
supposed to be up ahead so i'll pick him
up
then i'll go with you for better or
worse i'm the leader of kyoko platoon
until this mission is over
all right be careful
oh we finally found you seating you're
not hurt
of course i'm not don't treat me like a
lost child
that's what you looked like to me you
little
all right let's go home i'm ready to go
but where's naomi there was a reading
around here that seemed like her
naomi died what kasani
what i had to tell him
[Music]
you're right hey was she really killed
i know you're cold-hearted but this is
too frigid
why would i lie about it naomi is dead
kyoga left me in charge of the platoon i
wasn't good enough and let naomi get
killed
that's not true it was that's just not
what happened
no it is true i know words are never
enough
but i'm sorry
oh dear you must be so sad after losing
your sister
kodama what do you want are you looking
for wounded sheeden you little traitor
you know i don't do menial jobs like
that
right well the reason doesn't really
matter so i guess i'll just say you were
attacked by others
yeah that sounds good okay time to
die
i underestimated you you're pretty good
what's going on why would you do
something like that
well i have my reasons
okay then maybe it's time for me to get
serious in round two
that's enough our mission isn't finished
yet restrain yourself kodama
major general fubuki
kodama i'll take care of this you don't
need to get involved
okay understood
gemma and kasane i know you're angry
but can you forgive kodama for my sake
i don't mind i'm not that angry
oh you're so sweet kasani
now she hides behind major general
fubuki
gemma how about you understood sir
all right we're returning to the
frontline base
i know you all sustained some serious
attacks so pull back and get some rest
okay i guess we should withdraw oh i'm
not sure i have enough enemy to go
straight
back to suo should we stop by the
hideout
yeah major kyoko will most likely have
the same idea
that mission went really bad thank
goodness you three are safe
no i shouldn't be happy
i heard from major general fubuki naomi
she's dead yes
damn those others
kasane i'm sorry i failed as a commander
she was such a promising girl
and now she's gone don't
she served like any other osf soldier
if i believe what karin says naomi is
still alive
i don't know what he's thinking but i
have to leave my sister with those
people for now
wait for me naomi i promise i'll come
for you
[Music]
oh kasani over here that was fast
i didn't think you'd be here yet i just
got here
now come on let's order us a bucket of
[Music]
sweets
this is so good tea with sweets is the
best way to relax
i guess the tea and the cake aren't as
good as what naomi made
yeah she was a good cook anyway
other than how it tastes are you
relaxing
relaxing you're not relaxed if there's
something bothering you you can talk to
me
there isn't really anything i'd be happy
to take some fighting advice though
all right but are you sure you want
advice from me
you were the best in the class
you're pretty good yourself you're not
great at focusing on the whole picture
but you're great in a straight fight
i think you could teach me about using
my power effectively or how to make
openings on the battlefield
uh was that a compliment yes it was
you just go right in even if it's an
obviously dangerous situation
why is that i feel like you're saying
i'm reckless
but yeah if i had to give a reason it's
because i trust my friends
there are other people who will watch
the whole battle even if i
am a little excessive and clumsy someone
will cover for me
i guess i sound spoiled i see
trusting your friends i'll keep that in
mind
i suppose there are a lot of different
ways to fight
i'm glad i could help but that's not
what i was asking
aren't you worried about how you're
getting along with people
[Music]
how i get along what do you mean
um well like if there's someone you like
huh i do like someone but i'm not
worried about it
really that's cool could i ask who it is
sure it's naomi huh
oh um i didn't mean like
in a family sense like a guy or
something
so you mean romance you should have said
so from the beginning
so is there anyone
i don't know at least i've never felt
anything like that
so there's no one that you like right
now i don't think so
i'd know if i liked someone like that
wouldn't i what
um i think you can be attracted to
someone without realizing it yourself
really uh casane
i'm going to head back yeah
sorry it got so awkward it's not awkward
i don't know if it was relaxing but i
had fun
i think i haven't had pointless small
talk with anyone since i've been
separated from my sister
um if it made you feel better then i'm
glad i invited you
why do you care about me so much
huh we're friends of course i care
friends
you mean me yeah i think so anyway
is that bad no i don't mind
i was just a little surprised i just
thought we were familiar colleagues
i would have hoped you've at least
considered us classmates
well we can say we're friends now i
guess we can
thanks yeah sure
we should have ts friends again of
course
i'll see you later oh
kasani i'm here
just like you asked me what did you want
to talk about
i was just wondering if you were okay
[Music]
me i'm all right
really i mean everything with naomi
oh right now that you mention it you
were there too
weren't you when it happened you saw
naomi transform
yeah it was really scary
just thinking about it upsets me but i
know it has to be harder for you
so and that's why you reached out to me
thanks but i'm fine that can't be true
you can't be okay i didn't say that i
wasn't in pain
but right now i have bigger priorities
than my own feelings
i'm going to do what i need to for my
sister that's all
you don't need to worry about me okay
have you talked to my sister before i
mean you're in different platoons so i
figured you wouldn't have interacted
that much
we talked once in a while because we had
common hobbies
like gardening gardening
i like growing flowers when i said that
naomi said she was interested as well
flowers right naomi did like flowers
not just flowers she also said she
wanted to grow herbs to cook with
can you grow herbs on your own it's not
difficult if you know how to grow them
but it also depends on the variety
for example mint is easy to grow
parsley and basil too and you use them a
lot in cooking
i see there were some plants that like
dry places
and others that need to be watered
frequently
why did you get so quiet all of a sudden
i'm sorry i realized i was blabbering
i wouldn't consider any of that
blabbering i studied a lot about herbs
to teach naomi
so i got a little carried away i
see thanks you don't have to thank me
i just had so much more i wanted to talk
to naomi about
whatever it was you were going to teach
her about gardening
would you mind teaching me instead
[Music]
what of course are you sure
i'm sure you never know it might come in
handy
i also want to find out what my sister
wanted to know
okay just like with herbs plants have
all kinds of uses i'm sure it will be
helpful in your life somehow
oh i know the lavender flower has a
relaxing property
drinking it in tea or smelling its aroma
when you're tired or feeling bad
will make you feel better thank you
i'll keep an eye out for some okay
well goodbye
she's so kind to me i can tell she cares
and while her personality may be
different there's a part of her that
reminds me of naomi
[Music]
can we talk what do you need i'm busy
there's something that's bothering me
about your actions during our operations
okay ms leader go ahead say what you
want to say
you fly solo too often during battles
from my calculations you do this about
more than the other members more
importantly
there weren't many cases where it gave
us an advantage how about you coordinate
with the rest of us
what did you not hear me i'm suggesting
that fighting individually doesn't play
to our platoon strength
i follow instructions outlined by the
operation or is babysitting you guys
part of the plan
i didn't ask you to babysit combining
our strengths is a more efficient
solution
we all have unique powers complementing
each other with what we lack will help
us fight more effectively
[Applause]
our operations have all been successful
i don't see a problem
we could be stronger if we continue to
train are you satisfied with our current
state
you don't have any right to say that to
me i'll fight my own way
stop trying to boss me around this isn't
an order it's a suggestion
are you all right do you have a problem
with your hearing
what did you say now now you two
don't fight we're all on the same team
here
i only suggested she then cooperate with
us more
seriously you were giving me a whole lot
of attitude for someone asking for my
cooperation
okay calm down the both of you listen to
me
sheedan your fighting skills and
analysis levels are excellent
we all know you're capable of working on
your own
[Music]
however you're part of a team don't you
think it's worth practicing
coordinating with your teammates it's
not easy to adapt to a sudden change
so why don't you start by becoming
friends with kasane
friends kasane you've taken the
initiative to think about our platoon
our team will become stronger if we're
able to coordinate well together
but just telling someone how you feel
isn't enough to reach an understanding
there are many ways to communicate why
don't you study the people around you
and think of creative ways to do that
[Applause]
you're both good kids i'm sure you'll
get along
do your best i don't need friends
if i'm strong enough to fight alone i
can beat the others without having to
rely on
unnecessary coordination that's fine
with me
as long as you don't hold us back in
battle
are you saying i'm holding you back yes
first you charge into the front lines
alone too much
you lose sight of your surroundings when
you get excited
your overconfidence and poor
follow-through are also concerning
you always lose focus and relax when you
see victory at hand
i'll do better on the next assignment so
you're aware of this
good everyone has faults as perfect as
we try to be
we all have limits that makes relying on
your teammates a necessary strategy
fighting alone will get you killed one
of these days
[Music]
sheeden he seems angry was i too harsh
again
are you mad i apologize if i offended
you
so you point out people's weaknesses in
order to claim superiority
that's not what i do it doesn't matter
who's better or worse
fine be like that but i'm never losing
to you
i'll conquer all my flaws and weaknesses
on my own now don't talk to me anymore
i've really made him mad i guess this
means i didn't come up with a creative
way to communicate my thoughts to him
i'll have to work on that i bet naomi
would be able to handle this without a
problem i have to figure this out on my
own now
i have to think of a way to get along
with him
[Music]
you don't look well you've been through
a lot
so rest a while you can go back to sue
all later
gemma and i have to go back to file our
report but there's no need for you and
sheedan to rush
don't push yourself kasani
hey if you're gonna rest rest i'll read
a book or something
why don't you go back to sewell with the
others
it's my choice well i'm going to rest
then
how long are you going to follow me
around
shut up i'll go then if that's what you
want
garrison of the national defense forces
caused a stir
when they deployed unauthorized near the
abandoned subway to
chairman sumaragi criticized the move as
being outside the purview of
civilian military operations and has
ordered the minister of defense
to find out the facts
from mother we heard about naomi's death
why didn't you tell us our sweet little
naomi
we couldn't refuse her desire to be a
scout so we left our precious girl
in your care i guess i was wrong to hope
we were fools i don't want you
contacting us anymore
you've never contacted us anyway so i'm
sure that won't bother you
what
is that the randall industries logo
so ceyron's preparations are nearly
complete
everyone deployed in sewo merely await
your command
the destruction of the osf from within
is progressing nicely
half of them will align with seiron
then the rebellion will be carried out
at cunad
wait did they see me
i knew you'd come
[Music]
what's that supposed to mean just a sad
sorry fate who is that girl
naomi's younger sister i'll take care of
her
randall's adoptive daughter well
i must be going you're planning a
rebellion right in the middle of town
i wonder how much you truly understand
what does that mean what are you saying
you don't need to know yet come with me
[Music]
where am i the gps program isn't working
is sign it down no it seems this room is
blocking the net
you're awake stay here and be quiet
i get it karen told you to watch me
that's why you wouldn't leave me alone
so you support the ceyron rebellion as
well ceyron is my homeland
and major general karen appreciates me
more than major general fubuki
get out of my way no
then i'll just have to make you don't be
silly if you think you're good enough to
fight me
hey listen to me
[Music]
no way you're all barking no bite
kasane we're here to rescue you
um what's going on
yeah she didn't came to help me too
he got hurt don't worry about it
i see so will you help us sheeden
help you what do you mean
my brother karen travers has taken his
regiment and is trying to start a
rebellion with ceyron
i want to confirm you know that my
brother is in league with ceyron
yes then do you know where he went
he mentioned a place called cunad that's
kunat highway
i'm going to go stop my brother this is
personal
so i can't ask the osf to help i'm going
to
i want answers from karen right
i can't let karen do this either she
didn't
you'll come with us right i
come with us sheeden you'll get what you
want that way
all right if kasana is going then so am
i
as your commander i can't let you two go
alone
okay we'll split the platoon into two
teams
luca cassane and myself will go first
kyouka and shiden
you support us that's best right shiden
whatever
yuito captain seto what is seto platoon
doing here
joker can you back us up we need to
withdraw
right it's ridiculous for us to fight
our allies
gemma come with me tell me what's gotten
into you
no we'll draw off the osf around us
i doubt they are willing to take on two
septetrions
would you say the same
is it with me luka
i knew you would be here
leave my brother to me
don't fool yourself
[Music]
come at me all together
i see so it's different this time
understood however
no everyone get back
forgive me sedona
is that you kasane you okay
yes everyone prepare to deploy
uh
what the hell was that attack
come on we have to run
what was that people turned into others
they're national defense forces right
hmm yeah though the national defense
forces around here are sarong garrison
are they not ceyron no from what i saw
it looked like they were from suo so it
was either the national defense forces
or the new himaca government that turned
naomi into another
turn naomi into another what are you
talking about
captain seto let's go back to karen he
knows what's going on
sounds like there's a good reason okay
it'll be dangerous but let's go back to
major general karen
no wait it looks like yuito and nagi are
nearby
over there
we'll take the others down one by one
and help them can you do it
of course that's what i like to hear
thinks we want to steal you from kyoko
platoon let's go
you ito help kasonic i'll get nagi out
of here
got it let's go kasani
leave it to me
there it is again are you okay
uh yes what
do you feel sick you're really spaced
out
don't worry about me i'm fine anyway
let's go to karin go to him
can we beat him no he's not our enemy
but he attacked us no
i found out about naomi it's
nagi what are you doing no questions
i will dispose of you
ah
noggy
now i understand nagi you're
get out of my way captain i can't do
that
naggy you don't want to kill yuito if
you do you'll regret it
noggy then you will
die
[Music]
um
we finally found you captain seto
i won't die that easily nagi
after all you're part of my platoon
i'll be damned if they take you
ugh
what's wrong
uh
[Music]
what is this place
yuito are you all right kasani
yes
[Music]
where are we
hey that's the sumaragi crest
and that man over there is dressed like
the legendary yakumosuraki
ah
what's going on i saw these
in a dream
take your hands off the red strings
they will twist through time and lead
the way for you
cassani
[Music]
congratulations
what is that
what's going on here i don't get it
yubito
major kyoka
kasane what happened first we were
attacked by major general karen
and then we were attacked by other osf
then there was a big earthquake
but it's strange how did an earthquake
make something like that
what is that
i don't know but it looks like there's a
gravitational anomaly around that thing
damn that must be why my head hurts so
much
i felt a pain too it wasn't like a
normal headache
it was something different so
none of you saw that then what could
that have been
maybe it was just that dream again
what are you talking about i sometimes
have these strange dreams
they're about these threads called red
strings
i had one just now but this time yuito
was there
now yuito may have been a dream as well
why would we have the same dream as you
maybe it's because the dream about the
strings is more detailed than normal
and that's why you thought it was real
and not a dream
yes but it couldn't have been i'm not so
sure
maybe your dreams with yuuito aren't
dreams and are actually experiences the
two of you had
wait i'm sorry kasane but right now we
have more important things to worry
about
yeah right first off if we stay here
there's a high possibility we'll get
sucked into that thing
i also wonder about suo if karin is
serious then it's safe to bet that
something's probably going on there
i don't see luca or yuito either they
probably went back there as well
yes you're right i'm sorry let's hurry
back to suwo
what is this is this
the direction the distance we traveled
and the buildings all tell me were at
zuo
our habakkuk most likely isn't working
so the city functions must be down too
it makes sense that we can't reach
haruka i hope she's all right
hmm this is one of our research centers
it's half destroyed
you mean a spring pharmaceuticals
research
yup and there's our logo but i don't
think we had a research center in suo
is this really sueo something's not
right
oh this terminal is still running i'll
check it out
what's that there's something scattered
on the ground over there
these are ampoules they look just like
the ones i saw in the abandoned subway
[Music]
major general karin kabuki
so cold
no is he dead
major general karin is this the
rebellion you talked about
you say you want to change the new
himuko regime but look
you've gone and destroyed this city
karin is fabuki dead because of your
rebellion
karen answer me your brother's body
here take it
so you're finally here
what why now if you had managed to get
here sooner we could have found a way to
cure the metamorphosis
and turn them back to normal you're the
metamorphosis
what do you mean can naomi be saved
save naomi what are you talking about
it can't be done here this planet no
this whole dimension is at its end it
will be consumed by the cunad gate
[Applause]
finally i can finally save her
[Music]
what happened
that was major general karen's power
skill class
ss brain eater he can copy any power and
make it his own
the bookie i'm sorry
[Music]
i want to give you a proper burial but
there's something i have to take care of
first
[Music]
we're following him right karen just
used hypervelocity
he copied it from me on orders from high
command i'm going to follow his trail
we can still catch him if we act now
it's not like you to be so dedicated
i won't let him go until he tells me why
fabuki had to die
[Music]
let's go i have so much i want to ask
him
let's hurry after karen this trail won't
last long
hey wait someone's there
psionics they'll fight even while the
world's ending around
them
wait who are you are you
yueito
huh impossible
not voice are you kasane randall
yuito sumaragi this old man
[Music]
wait i know that sarcastic voice
shiden ritter i see
you jump from the time of the sueo
incident to this time
i think i understand what's going on
although i can hardly believe it myself
yuito sumeraghi seems that you're blind
i'm are she spring i know your voice
all right so will you join the group
[Music]
no i still have powers but as you can
see
i retired from the osf huh
[Music]
so we should be in suo in the year 2020
but that's not the case correct
i knew you'd have a handle on this are
she
this is suo in 2070.
that's impossible you're saying we came
to the future
an earthquake
the end has begun
what do you mean how does this happen to
suo in 50 years
i want to explain it all but there's no
time this planet will be destroyed soon
i uitosumaragi
led the world to destruction what
what did you do major general karan said
something similar
so you met him regardless it's all my
fault
this world is about to disappear it will
be swallowed by the pseudo-black hole
called the cunad gate that you and
i created in the past we created it
was it those red strings yes
kasana your power isn't psychokinesis
it's just the gravokinesis the power to
create dimensions
behaved like psychokinesis you have the
power to travel through time
that's what those dreams of red strings
were about
the red strings so the phenomenon that
appeared at count brought us here
[Music]
what everyone is gone
ah so the time has come
i heard the only people who can exist
beyond time and space
are those who have the ability to travel
through it the ones you bring with you
will eventually return to their former
time
like they did just now how do you know
all this
who told you arahabaki told me
that's why i was waiting for you to jump
to the future
let's talk somewhere else there's no
escaping danger here
but we can at least go somewhere a
little safer
let's go to osf headquarters
i know you're confused honestly i am too
i was waiting for you to come from the
past but i still only half believed you
actually would
so what happened
fifty years ago after the seyran
rebellion
new himuka became desperate to protect
the integrity of the nation
they used me yuito sumaragi
the hero who saved us all to distract
the citizens
i didn't resist my brother kaito begged
me to
i thought it was the only way my father
was assassinated and i was told you were
the culprit
you had disappeared i didn't know what
to believe
i killed the chairman i don't understand
i can't say for sure as i wasn't there
but all the evidence pointed to you
i thought the fact that you disappeared
meant you were guilty
truth is that you jumped into the future
i wouldn't kill your father let's get
back on topic
at the time you disappeared 50 years ago
the fighting between ceyron and sewer
was heating up
i spent my days taking down others and
fighting psionics allied with ceyron
during all that it began to expand
gate the pseudo-black hole that you and
i made
our powers are the same the same type of
gravikinesis
so it seems that i have the time travel
power
the red strings as well because we had
the same abilities
our powers resonated and created a
gravitational anomaly most of it was you
i wasn't strong enough to travel through
time but what made the kunan gate expand
that gate is only supposed to appear at
the moment of time travel
and then disappear immediately but when
you used your time travel power
it didn't disappear because my power
resonated with yours
not only that every time i used my power
the gate would warp and suck in the
surrounding space
is there no way to destroy it
only if i die
[Music]
if i die the traces of my power
maintaining the distortion will
disappear
however i didn't make that choice
i thought there must be some other way
and everyone persuaded me to look for
one
no that's not right in the end
i couldn't kill myself i was afraid to
die
[Music]
i struggled to find a way to live and
now the gate is so big it won't go away
even if i do die
that's why this world is dying
everything will be swallowed by the
black hole
so please kill me kasane
[Music]
i want you to go 50 years into the past
before the cunad gate expands too large
and end the life of the false hero
uitoshi
no i could never naomi cares about you
too much
besides how am i supposed to go back to
the past
red strings are triggered by swings and
emotion
for example when you are shaken by some
type of emotional shock
but there's nothing to affect me right
now
it's all right i thought about that
all those years all of it was for this
moment
what is that other research has
progressed in the last 50 years
we can now call them to us using sounds
they like
we still can't make them go away though
others i can't believe you do this
i'm sure i sound pretentious for
assuming but you're shocked now
aren't you this isn't funny help me
fight this other
i think i understand why you killed my
father now
[Music]
was researching how to change people
into others
it was new himuka that changed naomi
into another 50 years ago
my father was the one directing that
research
even the hero yuito sumeragi knew that
fact
and even knowing the cruelty of it i
eventually became
chairman and i continued the research
you continued it many people ended up
like naomi
i continued the research on powers to
find a way other than my own death that
would close the gate
yuito sumaragi was just a mirage
a false hero who killed the world
so
what are you doing why do you have that
knife
forgive me cassani it's up to you now
uh
[Music]
sewell i think this is real but
is it
there you are oh i can't hear you so
don't bother replying
arshi told me everything get out of
there and head for the hideout
kyouka and the others are already there
hurry
telepathic communication from haruka
then this is the present
i made it back copy that i'm headed to
the hideout
welcome back kasane i'm glad you made it
back to our time safely
are she had my head spinning with worry
with all her wild theories
yeah sorry i didn't have much
information to go on so i assumed the
worst
now we can hear what cassanee
experienced rather than just my
assumptions
did anything happen after we got dragged
back to the present
yuito asked me to kill the yuito in our
time
what what do you mean
[Music]
oh so you're saying that the fact that
the world is ending in 2070 is yuito's
fault
that pseudo black hole that appeared at
cunad
it's not a black hole strictly speaking
it's something similar that was created
by kasane and yuito's powers
it's probably created as a means to
actively move through time
it was created by a human brain so it
should have a systematic mechanism to
its creation
since it's not disappearing it's
negatively affecting the world
so you agreed to it no
i came back before we reached a
conclusion
hmm maybe that was future yuito's plan
the time travel power the red strings
are affected by kasana's strong emotions
when something shocking occurs her
emotions must be stored as a kind of
energy
since kassani is unable to control her
time travel power
it activates immediately i was worried
there was a danger she could become lost
in time and unable to return to the
present
however that doesn't seem to be the case
there must be some kind of
guide when cassane makes a time jump she
must be attracted to time periods she
has already experienced or is familiar
with
and kassani sees that guide as red
strings
so future yuito assumed that by
increasing kasane's emotional level
she would return to this time i don't
care about the logic of it
are you gonna kill that damn kid
i don't know it's not an easy decision
to make
right i'm sorry for yelling
calm down everyone so much has happened
to kasane
she has a lot on her plate let's rest a
bit and think about it later
it's much easier to change the future
than the past
in the future that we glimpsed kasana
never returned to the present
and stayed in the future right arishi
yeah that future disappeared when kasane
came back
however yuito's existence still holds
the key to the future of this world
even though that future is gone the
possibility of a similar future still
remains
obviously i think we should do whatever
we can to prevent that
people always say you're lazy are she
but it's great that you think hard work
is so noble
how rude i just hate wasting time and i
spare no effort to avoid it
so there's no reason for you to rush to
a decision got it
all right
[Music]
there's something i've been wondering
ever since i joined the osf
what is it you seem very different
during battles
i could be wrong but it's almost like
you're not the same person
oh i guess you never had a chance to
watch me fight when you were a cadet
it seems like i completely change
personalities when there's some sort of
competition
a lot of people are like that are you
talking about kyokus battle mode
it always surprises the rookies to see
her suddenly go into beast mode
i'm not that scary am i not scary
just a little surprising wanna know
something interesting
she was always like that in the past i
know because kyoka and i graduated the
same year
really yeah you are famous among our
class for being hard to approach
you started to change when you joined
the osf getting friendlier every year
and now look how kind you've become you
only see the old traces of you during
battle
i guess people change oh look at the
time
i've got an important nap to attend to
later
that's so strange do you have any idea
why you changed
what was it that caused you to act
differently
why i changed i'm not sure
maybe because the old me only saw
herself
but after making so many friends in the
osf
i formed more connections with the
people around me
then i started wanting to cherish each
of my relationships
that could be why i started looking
after everyone
the old you as someone i'd gladly trust
to have my back
but i'm happy i met this version
i'm happy to hear you say that i hope
i'll be able to stay this way
what's wrong what oh nothing
that was really interesting hearing old
stories about you
really just ask me if there's anything
else you want to know
oh do you want me to tell you about one
of my favorite fortune telling sites
no that's okay i'm not really interested
in that
you don't need to be so shy we should go
get our fortunes read together sometime
[Music]
kasana are you getting enough rest
don't worry about me i know how to take
care of myself
okay but you're looking unusually
disheveled today
i just thought you were so tired with
everything that happened that you didn't
even notice
disheveled like your hair clip
it's kind of dirty huh
you're right i need a clean cloth and
detergent should be in the kitchen
[Music]
hey you don't need to be so frantic
at least you're not lacking energy
okay there it's all clean now
hmm what
nothing i was just thinking about how
carefully you're handling it
it was pretty unusual to see you lose
your cool over a hair clip
this isn't just any hair clip naomi made
it
we both have one oh yeah she did wear
something like that
she made them when i was younger to show
that we were sisters
i can't believe i left it that dirty
without noticing
hmm are sentimental items really that
important
of course they are even though i'm sure
it's just a hair clip to you
oh sorry i didn't mean to offend you i
just thought it was a little curious
that's all
i don't have any sentimental item with
my brother fabuki
nothing you must at least have a picture
no not even a digital image saved
it just takes up room and is a pain to
maintain even a digital copy ends up
being a waste of storage space
i'm just not the sentimental type that's
all
is that what a relationship between a
sister and brother is like
it feels really distant everyone's
different
your relationship seems strange to me
really yeah
okay i think i'm going to take a break
you should learn from me and make it a
point to rest well
learn from you i'll have to think that
one over
what's there to think about come and ask
me anytime i'd be happy to teach you
i guess there's a part of me that
assumed all siblings were close like me
and naomi
there does seem to be something off
about arshi and major general fubuki's
relationship
[Music]
i'm so tired i want to see my sister
that's captain seto's pen what's it
doing here
naomi captain seto
everyone is leaving me this feeling
i felt it before a long time ago
it feels suffocating am i forgetting
something important
kasane can you wake up uh
yes it seems suo has declared a state of
emergency
let's go check it out karen may be on
the move
i'm worried about haruka and we still
haven't found luca
we might figure some things out if we go
to suo
sheeden are you fine with this
you don't need to worry about me i
suppose so
you were trying to join car inside
before
we pretended not to notice so
what are you going to do i i
i have no idea i trusted major general
karen but he attacked me at cunada
maybe he thought you betrayed him
because you were with us
i need to give karen a piece of my mind
as well i'm coming with you to suo
all right let's head to suo then
everyone
it's too quiet maybe the rebel osf and
the ceyron garrison aren't here yet
i'd ask haruka but cynette is down and i
can't make contact
be careful it looks like someone shut
down the suo defense system
there are others invading suo on top of
that
the usf are fighting amongst themselves
and i can't get into the operator's room
i'll do my best to find out what's going
on so hide somewhere until then
kasane did you just get a telepathic
message
you both zoned out one after the other
just now
yes from haruka it looks like someone
has shut down the suo defense system
there's infighting in the osf and she
can't get into the operator's room
[Music]
i just got a telepathic message from
haruka too
so did i she's having a hard time osf
infighting so karen's rebels are already
in the city
haruka told us to hide
it looks like we can't do that though
[Music]
there might be more be careful
what is it did you see kaguro
yes i saw him turn invisible and run to
the osf headquarters
did he we were fighting others
so there's no way he could have missed
us he might have been running from us
why would kaguro run from us i don't
know
maybe he's doing something shady hmm
the osf are fighting each other kaguro
might know something
i don't know if we can track him but
let's head to the osf headquarters
weren't we told to hide with others in
the city
the only places we can hide are a
hideout or a shelter
civilians use the shelters so we can't
go there
you're right we can take out others
along the way that should help the
citizens a little
what the city's vision all went out at
once
the city computer arahabaki shut down
it controls the city functions so if you
shut it down
everything goes down it's so boring
without the computer generated signs
so this is what dead say duds
what do you mean people without powers
they don't have powers so they're duds
it's discriminatory
you're right i'm sorry i shouldn't have
used that term
the city functions were made to be used
by civilians people with powers it's not
set up for those without powers
most people do have some kind of power
arahabaki wouldn't shut down by itself
karen plotted a rebellion with ceyron it
would be in their way
we're almost to a shelter
you must be kidding me are they
conducting that experiment in the middle
of the city
there's no way and why are there others
in the city
isn't that why the city functions are
frozen
stop right there who are you
osf i'm not here for you
[Music]
hey kasani what experiment
the one to turn people into others
[Music]
it is isn't it it's just like future
yuito said
get away from the counselor are you part
of the rebellion too
what do you mean by that we were
attacked by psyonix on that road over
there
only rebels would be attacking
councillors
wait were you the only ones attacked
no chairman sumaragi was attacked as
well
we all ran
[Music]
hold them they know about the
metamorphosis experiments
hey wait if chairman sumragi is up ahead
i may be able to ask him about
metamorphosis
and if he doesn't die here maybe we can
avoid that ruinous future
chairman sumaragi yes
the osf that's
togetsu this wound
it's too late wait don't die
can new himuka turn people into others i
can't tell you
i'm serious answer me it's
too late for me anyway
ugh
oh
dad
are you okay dad
out of the way
what are you doing in the end they'll
still think i killed him
but that future wasn't supposed to
happen if i wasn't here
i'm here so that future won't happen
yuito you must die
what what are you saying
i made a promise to you arm yourself
what do you think you're doing i guess
it won't be that easy
i'm not getting anywhere like this
if i use the brain field then i could
definitely get yuito
yes i should be able to do it i have to
now
i want to protect the world to save my
sister i'll do whatever i need to do
that
i will kill him
[Music]
i feel sick it's like i'm losing myself
this is a brain field
i'm sorry yuito i understand if you hate
me
you're still breathing i'll finish it
now
wait what are you doing
why are you trying to kill me and my
father
kasani did you stab my father
wait what's this
attention all citizens
[Applause]
as one of the awoken
if you want to escape
this nation is insane
[Music]
you are nothing but a livestock born to
be used by the state
is a regime that eliminates those that
threaten them by driving them insane
they only raise submissive livestock
they can control
there is no justice
hey sunny's getting away
wait wait
wake up citizens of new him
protects the free will of the people and
offers an environment for them to live
as
human beings
i promise to uphold that standard there
are no requirements to join us
[Music]
what begins now is an escape from
oppressive control
a revolution
to those of you who are awake
those who wish to awaken come join my
cause and say ron
help me destroy the new himuko regime
and put an
end to their tyranny forever
kagaro why did you stab chairman
sumeraghi
what how about you tell me why you tried
to kill yuito
because i was asked to okay then so was
i
my employer ordered me to assassinate
the chairman to stop
new hamuka's rampage
[Music]
i planned on framing someone for the
assassination but unfortunately for you
you took my bait i'm sorry but i have no
plans to confess
[Music]
kaguro you're from togetsu and you're a
believer in the togetsu faith
did togetsu order you i cut my ties with
togetsu
besides there's only one group who'd
want the chairman dead at this point
so you were ordered by ceyron that's
enough for now
yuito will catch up to us if we keep
talking here
we'll retreat to vision city for now we
can talk then
all right yes
kagero don't try to run by turning
invisible
i'm holding on to you i'm no match for
you major kyoka
i'll be a good boy
[Music]
i finally found you karen
sheeden i see you're still stuck to
kasane like
flies to dung this is the rebellion you
were talking about
yes knew himuka wasn't satisfied with
their
controlled society and started that
repugnant research
the research to turn people into others
in their zeal to create more powerful
psionics they began
experimenting with the metamorphosis of
living things
i will crush the new himuka government
for creating metamorphosis
half of the osf have pledged themselves
to me
you should come to sayron as well well
that works for me
just who are you kaguro what do you mean
major general i guess we both have
ulterior motives
i don't mind as long as you don't get in
my way just like old times
you two have known each other that long
well you know so what are you all going
to do
i i plan to join ceyron from the
beginning
karin to be honest you really
pissed me off major general but i can't
get behind what new himuka is doing
i'll go too you know how i am
what are you going to do kasane
it was new himuko that turned naomi into
another
it was naomi's and seyron right
you'll help her won't you i will do all
i can
all right then i'm going to say ron two
we'll never be able to go back to suo oh
well
i guess it is what it is you're the one
who can never go back
you're the one who killed chairman
sumeraghi
yeah yeah i'm the culprit and sheedan is
an egghead from sayron
what's that supposed to mean is there
something wrong with being smart
easy there so arshi you're just coming
along to keep an eye on major general
karen right
you're worried he'll be a problem for
major general fabuki
i'm not that attached to my brother sure
whatever you say so why are you going to
say ron major kyoka
don't tell me you're one of karen's fans
hmm would it be strange if i was a fan
of major general karen
wow you strike me as more of a major
general fabuki fan
oh stop kaguro do you think i'm the kind
of person who would change her mind
based on whether or not a person was her
type
when you're in osf command like me you
see the suspicious things the government
does
even if you don't want to but
researching
human metamorphosis i can't let that go
yeah that's the rub it's why half the
osf joined up with him
i'm sure none of them trust the
government and major general's
popularity certainly helps
yes anyways the osf will be reformed one
way or another
once we get to ceyron we may be
reassigned as well
oh right so what's going to happen to
this hideout
this unit belongs to the randall family
right
we should be able to continue using it
the randall family has lots of units
they don't use
i never told them we were using this in
the first place
oh so we've been using it without
permission well we'll keep using it if
we can
it's nice to have a place to rest
once i get to sayron i can see my sister
wait for me naomi
you came sorry to call on you all of a
sudden
i don't mind
[Music]
first let me apologize to you
naomi was turned into an other because i
wasn't strong enough to stop it from
happening
really sorry for the pain i've caused
you
[Music]
i don't blame you for that anyway what
did my sister give you
this it's her handwriting
why do you have a handwritten letter
from my sister
she never told me you two were close
i don't think we were we didn't fight
together for too long
and we didn't exchange many words with
each other either however
naomi didn't let that stop her from
reaching out to me
just read the letter these are recipes
i have a habit of taking on too much
work so i'd often eat very poorly
i thought i hid how tired i was pretty
well one day naomi called me over and
handed me this
she said she put together some simple
and nutritious recipes
so i could take better care of myself
when i was busy she could have just
messaged me
she went through the trouble of writing
it out can you believe that
that's just like her i was grateful
but it also made me think how could i
neglect my own health to the point where
even a rookie was worried
i'm sure naomi was busy herself having
just joined the osf
she was always like that she'd always
prioritize others over herself
so did the recipes help yes they were
easy
tasty and nutritious these recipes
helped me take better care of myself
i didn't have much experience cooking
but she listed all the steps i needed
very carefully
as i read her notes while i cooked i
began to notice how caring each word
felt
my sister was the best
but why are you giving this to me if
it's helped you it's something she made
for you
handwritten letters are quite precious
in this day and age
i thought it would be better if her
sister had it i memorized the recipes
already
besides nobody is more hurt about naomi
than you
the person who needs it the most should
have it
all right i'll hold on to it then i feel
better now that i've given it to you
what do you mean are you saying you
couldn't wait to get rid of my sister's
letter
no i didn't mean it like that
it's just that i'm reminded of what
happened to naomi every time i look at
it
i've been with the osf for a long time i
thought i was used to losing friends
i still can't accept what happened to
her whenever i remember
it makes me painfully aware of my own
powerlessness
i feel like someone's squeezing my heart
if only i'd looked after the platoon
better
there's a chance i could have prevented
what happened to her
i'm sorry for unloading on you like this
i know that nobody is more hurt about
her than you are
it's fine it's not like anything you
tell me will make it worse
i see but as long as you continue
fighting
you'll eventually encounter something
you won't be able to carry on your own
as someone who's been in the osf for
many years maybe i can help
just reach out whenever you need me i
don't think anything like that will
happen
but i will on the off chance it does
well if we're done here
i'm going back all right
he seemed like he really blamed himself
for naomi i hate to see him waste my
sister's kind gesture
[Music]
oh how are you
i'm fine you'll go right too
i'm sorry i'm actually not all right
i can't just pretend like nothing
happened
i hope we can talk about what's going on
i can't stand being your enemy
i think it's unfortunate too i don't
want to fight you
we finally became friends so why do we
have to fight
long as you're with you ito i'll fight
you
there's something i have to do that's
crazy
if you don't want to fight why don't you
come with me
what what are you saying i have to
achieve my goal no matter what
so i need fighters i need you hanabi
are you telling me to make yui my enemy
i could never do that
if it's hard for sentimental reasons
then you can just give me information
like where he is or where he's going
hey don't insult me i would never betray
him
[Music]
uh i guess negotiations have broken down
why are you so angry though of course
i'm angry
yuido and i grew up together and he's my
friend
he never gives up on his ideals no
matter how hard things are
i know he's worried and i know it must
be hard for him to have to fight you
that's why i have to stand by his side
but you want me to betray him
all you talk about is yuito why do you
care about him so much
you were the one who started it i think
we should decide who
and why we fight for ourselves not
because of someone else's feelings
maybe you let other people inform your
opinions because you're emotionally
immature
what how can you say that i've had
enough
going home hanabi
maybe i said too much i failed i don't
get it though
i wanted to know what she thought but
all she talked about was yuito
she's intense when she talks about him
she looked just like naomi
wait naomi had a thing for yuito
does this mean hanabi likes him too if
that's true
then i really did mess up
[Music]
thank you for coming today there's no
need for pleasantries
what do you need from me so what things
about cara did you want to ask me
i wanted to ask you how you see my
brother
why me there are a lot of other people
who have met him
you might not like hearing this but i
think the two of you are a bit similar
[Music]
similar you're not talking about our
appearance
[Music]
no not that so what do you think of my
brother
well i'm not really that close to him
and it's not like we've talked a lot
i'd like to hear what you have to say
about him first i'm interested in
learning what kind of person karen is
all right well he seems like a very
straightforward person to me
straightforward i've never felt that way
about him
i'm sure there would be a lot of people
who would agree with you
also i don't necessarily mean it in a
good way
he's overly candid pushing forward
without considering anybody else
that's the kind of person he is i kind
of understand what you're saying
okay let me share my impression of him i
recognize karen's skills
but i think he's condescending
oppressive and does whatever he wants
personally i'm finally the axe that way
but i don't understand how someone like
that can still be popular
[Music]
that's a harsh way to put it i knew you
were like him
how so you're both candid
and you also don't compromise with the
path you choose to take
i would never cause an uprising or
incite others to get involved
maybe not but people come to you
nonetheless
i think that those with a strong will
naturally draw other people to them
that can make people like me who tend to
hide in the shadows
a little jealous i'm not sure about that
i don't feel like i draw other people to
me like karen does
i think these straightforward people you
talk about often create more discord
than not
i'm constantly butting heads with people
i feel like it'd be easier if i were
more well-mannered like you
it's not easier we all have problems
that might be true but you always seem
so calm and collected
it's almost hard to believe you're his
younger brother you seem like someone
who has everything figured out
do i anyway let's call it a day i'm glad
i could talk to you
is that all you wanted to talk about i
don't feel like i said much
no this has been a very worthwhile
conversation for me
thank you
[Music]
damn it sheedan
what are you doing kasani
i'm not doing anything if you're trying
to hide it
why don't you go somewhere people can't
see it's hard to ignore what you're
doing to that doll
what how long have you been watching
a while what's the point of this
i don't need to be bossed around by you
this is just small talk we're teammates
don't teammates talk like this small
talk
okay fine this is called baki
i know that naomi liked it too
my parents pushed it on me because it's
popular it's completely not my taste
then why do you have it it's your fault
huh because i lost you one on one
my parents are trying to cheer me up
[Applause]
you told your family you lost of course
not
when i didn't reply for a while they
probably figured out what happened
they've been messaging me non-stop ever
since
they even sent me this doll they'd
probably think i like it
but that's just added pressure that's
why i don't want to reply
and just looking at the message
notifications ticks me
so you were taking it out on the doll
yeah you got a problem with that
i think that's better than taking it out
on the people around you
oh so you weren't making fun of me
[Music]
what was that sound how are you doing
we haven't heard from you so we've been
worried
your mother and father are always on
your side
your mother knows just how strong you
are little sheedan
do your best and don't lose i can't wait
to hear from you
see you soon
did you see that i'm sorry but i did
she's a good mom
these are the types of messages she
keeps sending me i'm a grown man now but
she keeps treating me like a kid
you actually messaged through the
terminal they pushed it on me
i mean we can directly receive
transmissions through the brain but they
want to go through all this trouble
i don't understand why you're so
resistant you don't like being
encouraged by your family
i'm grateful but sometimes it doesn't
matter how hard you try
there's some things you just can't
accomplish no matter how much they
expect you to
so when they keep telling me to do my
best it feels like they're blaming my
inadequacy
you're so immature what did you say
ever since i was adopted into the
randall family i've never received a
single word of encouragement from my
parents
i don't mean to compare our lives and i
can't say who's better off
but from where i stand you're loved and
truly blessed
i would even say i'm jealous
[Music]
i'm sorry for saying all those things
without
thinking about your situation still
my family's encouragement stresses me
out
my parents will praise me no matter how
spectacularly i fail
that's no way to measure my abilities i
need to be acknowledged by an objective
third party if i'm going to improve
you're not satisfied being loved by your
family
i don't understand why you work so hard
just to be acknowledged
of course you don't you're the one who
won
so i'm just inferior i trained so hard
for years
and it resulted in a pathetic loss to a
rookie
i know you must be laughing at me behind
my back
i'm not i just don't understand why you
need the approval of others
if you explain it to me i'll try my best
to understand
you want to understand that's what i'm
telling you
i'm busy i'm not obligated to explain
anything to you
he has a lot on his mind i'll need to
talk to him more if i'm going to
understand him
i had no idea communicating with people
was so hard
let's get one thing straight you're not
the one leading this platoon
if anything i'm letting you lead us
don't forget that so it sounds like i am
the one leading the platoon
i'm just saying don't be smug don't let
it go to your head
[Music]
yo kasane coming all the way to see me
do you have a crush on me or something
no i just came to check on you looks
like you're fine goodbye
whoa i see you still keep things cool i
mean
you're already here why don't we go on a
date no thanks
good wait hold on what else do you want
sorry sorry i shouldn't have used the d
word
how about we take this opportunity to
deepen our friendship
i somehow doubt your motives you've been
on edge lately
after everything that happened with
naomi i'm just concerned for you as the
team's resident senior
why don't we let off a little steam a
change of pace over some tea with your
trusty mentor
he may have an ulterior motive that
being said
it might actually be good to talk with
him we're allies after all
so i think it's best that i should at
the very least try to understand what
kind of person he is
okay we can talk a little oh
so you're finally on board great now
let's go out on the town
am i making a mistake
so what do we need to talk about let's
see
i guess an update on how we've been
although we pretty much already know
what we've both been up to
today's goal is to get you to blow off a
little steam so
let's just talk about whatever you want
to talk about
but i don't feel like i need to blow off
steam really
then maybe i'll just ask some questions
weren't you and naomi really close we're
sisters
of course we were but you seem to be
even closer than real sisters
was there something that happened that
helped you become so close
well naomi was always there protecting
me because i didn't really have a place
in the randall household
my parents didn't think very fondly of
me and she was the only one who actually
treated me with kindness
i get it so you feel like you owe her
for helping you through your childhood
sounds like a great sister to me yes
i suppose you could say that i owe her
my life
i wanted to ask him about himself we've
been talking about me the whole time
you must really love naomi
what yes she's the most important person
in the world to me
so let me ask you this if you could turn
back time to when naomi was well
do you think you'd want to turn back
time
then you could go back to the way things
were like nothing even happened
of course i want to be together with my
sister again
but i can't why
because taking away my sister's
suffering like it never happened would
be denying her entire life
i see why did you ask me that
[Music]
it's just i've lived a life full of
regret
so i'm always thinking about how to face
the past
although you do have a good point i
guess you just
need to accept what's happened that's
enough about me
i'd like to hear about your past
mistakes whoa
that's not really something i can just
share with you or anyone so easily
you've got to maintain some air of
mystery about me
oh really then i won't push you i mean
we don't want to close the distance
between us too quickly
let's take this slow okay
we ended up barely even talking about
him i did notice he dropped that
cheerful facade he always has on for a
moment
i think he might be hiding something
deeper behind that usual carefree
attitude of his
although i could be reading into it too
much
that should be enough rest first i want
to know where my sister is
i wonder if karen is in seyron
so naomi is in other and in seyron
i think i got the gist of everything
that's been going on based on what major
general karen said
i'm not doubting it but people actually
changing into others
none of you saw it happen so i'm sure
it's hard to believe
but it's the truth my sister was turned
into another
i will help my sister that's why i'm
with sayron
are you feeling all right kasane the
brainfield was a big strain on you
it was horrible but i'm fine there
weren't really any after effects
i was very emotional i think that's why
i wasn't able to use it very well
that's what happens when you go off by
yourself you're lucky we got to you
it's a skill used in the osf but getting
yourself all
whacked every time you use it is
probably not good
it's all about how you use it it's a
double-edged sword that can cost you
your life
that's what strength is yes that's true
just don't use it too much
okay kasane yes i'll be careful
hey guys got a minute oh haruka
since you're sending messages does that
mean you're in seyron
yes i wasn't invited by major general
karen
but i felt like i could do something in
seyron
so i put in a request to be your platoon
operator
our platoon we've been reorganized yeah
that's why i contacted you
ceyron has created the ceyron osf with
major general karen in charge
i guess it's about half the size of the
old osf
so half really did come to say ron i'm
guessing things are going to get pretty
rough now in suo
arashi shiden kaguro u5 replaced into
first platoon
the commander is kasane good luck
[Applause]
looks like first platoon already has a
mission
first you need to go see major general
karen and get your orders directly
the location is ceyron osf headquarters
that's our hq from now on
i guess we're already pawns in their
game oh well
here we go it feels like a platoon full
of troublemakers
maybe garen thought we'd be easier to
handle this way
i'm glad we're all together we can still
use the hideout as well
good thing karen summoned us let's go to
sayron osfhq right away
you're here yes it's just like you said
we were able to get here without any
issues
could you at least face people when
talking to them you haven't changed
since you were a child
[Music]
oh my that's awfully courteous of you
karen
i'm pretty surprised you would trust us
so soon after our exile
i never said i trusted you and i don't
care if you don't trust me either
however it's clear that we both want the
same thing
besides kasana is a hero to say ron for
assassinating chairman sumuragi
[Music]
that's
do you have a problem with being a hero
i'm not interested in being anybody's
hero
but i suppose ceyron is looking to use
that to their advantage
good you're smart having you be a hero
will help us
tremendously in say ron what are you
asking me to do look at this
this must be the area around cunad
highway
wait the sky we saw that in the future
whoa there i'm not sure you should be
sharing that
wouldn't want anybody here thinking
you've got loose lips
shut up i know we just slipped out
everything all right oh it's nothing
shayden just got a little freaked out by
such an unbelievable sight
huh oh are you still freaking out
yeah just just a little freaked out
it seems small the kunai gate we saw in
the future was much bigger
probably just needs time so this is
going to expand and destroy the world
well i can't say for sure just from this
video the data seems to show that there
is some gravitational anomaly
exactly they were able to confirm an
extremely localized gravitational
anomaly above the cunad highway
we've named this phenomenon the cunad
gate and decided to send experts to see
if we can get more information on it
the cunad gate everything starts there
and that's where you all come in your
mission is to escort the investigation
team there with me
you'll be working as members of the osf
for ceyron
your duties won't be any different from
before
that's fine but how is naomi my answer
will depend on
we can talk about that after we escort
the investigation
team we need to show ceyron that you're
all useful and ready to support the
cause
so that's how you play your politics
major general karen
it's trivial but we need to at least do
the bare minimum
that doesn't sound like something a
person who just started a rebellion
would say
you okay with that yes i'm not happy
about it but i'll play along for now
how frightening is it drawing in
everything around it
i wonder what would happen if you get
sucked inside
no i know hey she didn't stick your
finger inside
stick your own head inside it okay
okay you guys are hilarious but don't go
near the gate even as a joke
curiosity killed the cat you know
this almost feels like the power of the
red strings
the same gravitational powers yuuito and
i both share
if i'm to believe in this feeling then
future huito is right
[Music]
but when you used your time travel power
it didn't disappear because my power
resonated with yours
not only that every time i used my power
the gate would warp and suck in the
surrounding space
[Music]
should i tell karen that yuito is
somehow causing this
but i don't have any evidence to back it
up
kasana
yes did you jump into the future
what are you talking about feigning
ignorance isn't going to work
it's clear you knew about the cunad gate
no this is the first i'm seeing it
don't waste my time what happened in the
future
answer me he isn't just assuming
he's almost sure of it then there's no
point in trying to hide it
i should try to find out what i can from
him
i met you as the world was about to end
did you know it was me right away what
yes you looked like you do now
now that i think about it yuito had aged
but
karn looked exactly the same did he just
not age or could it be
something else what did future me
say you told me that if i had gone to
the future earlier
you could have found a cure to
metamorphosis
[Music]
i see what do you know
karen if you know how to cure
metamorphosis
then you can save naomi sayron has labs
that are conducting research on others
for now that's really all i can tell you
and that's where naomi is
yes she's being held there where is the
lab
i can't tell you it's highly classified
research and only authorized personnel
are allowed in the facility
so i'm not authorized if you won't tell
me
my deepest apologies for interrupting
but apparently they've finished working
on the probe
we're ready to leave understood
and with that your mission comes to a
close feel free to do whatever you want
until i contact you again
wait karen arshi why did you stop me
you lose all perspective when it comes
to naomi
maybe that's why i just can't ignore you
anyway i know you want to go to that lab
so you'd be smart not to rock the boat
here
what do you mean if you want to act
without the higher up's consent then at
least pretend that you're an obedient
soldier
you're going to help me look for naomi
isn't it obvious
i do consider you a friend after all
besides
i am concerned about naomi the other
research sounds interesting as well
okay i feel better knowing that i have
your help
let's gather any info we can on this lab
in any case we should stop by the
hideout
let's go
i see so that's what you're up to
sorry to keep you waiting oh you're all
here
are she how could you and cassane be
planning all this fun without us
oh you can be so cold sometimes
i don't remember having to answer to
some nosy wannabe assassin
i have no idea what you're talking about
so you're basically planning on letting
casane take all the blame while keeping
everything a secret
i think it's in your best interest to
keep in mind that i don't trust you one
bit
i was wondering about that too kaguro
why did you kill chairman sumaragi
look he isn't the type to tell us the
truth so we should just let it go for
now
that's awfully rude to say in front of
me
better than saying it behind your back
don't forget what my power is
if you go invisible i'll take that as a
sign of hostility
oh duplication i wouldn't want anyone
else watching over me
anyway were you really planning on
investigating the secret laboratory
without letting us know
i wasn't trying to keep it a secret i
just haven't had a chance to tell you
that's basically the same as keeping it
a secret
we can't just let the two of you go
investigate by yourselves
it's far too dangerous hold on we really
were going to tell you honest
besides we can't easily pull it off with
just the two of us
i looked into this lab and it's going to
be way harder to get in than i thought
you found out where it is yeah
i thought i'd have trouble with that but
sarah on security wasn't hard to crack
well maybe for you okay
then let's go now whoa there wait a sec
you sure then we're coming with you
that's fine with me
besides based on what ours she said it
wouldn't be a good idea to go alone
i just want to be clear that this isn't
an official operation
we're planning on breaking in without
telling karen or ceyron
things may get messy but if that's fine
with you then you can come
well that's all you needed to say i'd be
more than happy to provide my services
to you
honestly kasane we're friends you don't
need to hesitate to come to us for help
ah i suppose going against the
government so quickly after our exile is
on brand for us
i've prepared a relatively safe route
using the information
our she provided thank you
i'll leave the navigation to you
i'm not sure they could have designed a
place to look more suspicious than this
he might even think it was on purpose
sorry guys
i can't access the internal data from
here
don't worry i've got this follow me
how'd you unlock it so damn fast when
did you have the time to do that
i want to say it was a piece of cake but
i didn't have time to hack any of the
others
according to what i found there's more
than a few of these security gates
around the facility
it's going to be a real pain knowing
that is enough
we can do the rest on our own be careful
everyone
hey i thought this was an other research
laboratory but it looks more like a
factory
what gives and that strange smell
what is that it's starting to make me
nauseous
what in the world are they making here
huh
aren't those ampules
they're the same ones the saron military
dropped
ceyron military what are you talking
about
hmm so the ceyron garrison dropped an
ampule like this when they took naomi
away after she turned into an other
that is a ceron laboratory after all so
it wouldn't be that odd for the garrison
to have something from there
but you said you saw an ampule like that
in your home when you were a child
yes i think it's connected to randall
industries
since they had partnerships with the
pharmaceutical company as well
you're talking about spring
pharmaceuticals
that's your family's company right are
she do you know anything about it
yeah it's my family's company but
unfortunately i don't know anything
about this facility or the ampoules
the osf had me doing annoying
promotional work
oh well that just means we need to scoop
up any information we can now
what are you up to now the key to
intelligence gathering is to obtain
information as quickly and precisely as
possible
wow arshi it's like their security
doesn't even exist to you
looks like they thought they were safe
enough with a closed system
i should be able to get into the route
wait what is this
what did you find share the data you
have
[Music]
oh what have we here a valuable asset
in a battle with new himuka an other
weapon
this video they're transplanting human
brains into others
a psionics brain is connected to an
other through sas in order to control it
how novel having people and others
fighting together
i'd say other weapon is an apt name
what a sickening idea however based on
the data it doesn't look like they've
completed this project
no that's not it it seems they haven't
succeeded with ordinary others
this experiment is even more horrifying
than we thought
in order to increase the compatibility
with the sas
they're using others that were
originally human
no that's barbaric
oh boy major general karen had some
terrible things to say about nuhimuka
but i'm not sure seyron is any better
why did he try to hide this facility
from us
naomi i have to find naomi
stop get yourself together if you blow
our cover now
it will all be over
[Music]
yes you're right are she can you find
out where naomi might be
i'll get on that right now there's a
large high security area up ahead
seems pretty fishy to me okay
let's make our way over there then we
should at least confirm her status
see if she's okay
this is some kind of control mechanism
hmm are she
it's your turn yeah yeah
i don't even complain but this is a lot
of work for one door
hold on what the heck am i looking at
here
that's another isn't it
the console was a decoy
i'm getting multiple other readings you
guys stay on your toes
we'll take them out who's there
that voice someone there
naomi that's you isn't it where are you
say something
naomi naomi i knew it was you
that voice is that really you kazani
we have a brain talk connection with
naomi that must mean she's nearby
i've confirmed a reading for naomi
wait you shouldn't
i'll be right there naomi
you're in here back away from the door
i'm breaking it down
you don't have to do that i can unlock
it
no don't open it
hmm
naomi are you okay
[Music]
so it's true
what have they done to you naomi
[Music]
what the hell is that why is naomi
another
i'm sorry naomi it's because you
protected me
it's okay kazane i'm glad
you're okay
but it really is okay
i'm glad you're well yes
thanks to you what
what are you doing here hey naomi
we wanted to come and check to see that
you were okay
[Music]
it's not just that i want to save you
thank you but i'm fine like this there's
no way i'd be able to have a life out
there
i'm an other now
i'm sorry i'm so sorry
okay i think that's enough you can't
just keep apologizing to naomi
she's right and hey right now you're
both alive and breathing
isn't that something to be happy about
[Music]
i'm sorry i'm sorry it had to happen
like this
no it's all right how are you doing the
people here haven't heard you have they
i'm fine the people here are very kind
even to another like me
[Music]
heal me but when i don't take the
ampules
it really hurts and i can't
give it
please you have to go bring up
about me
no i was finally able to find you
oh
she's right it's what your sister wants
you to do
naomi
[Music]
naomi why
so you came
major general karen yeah well this isn't
very surprising
seems like you had us dancing to your
tune all along
naomi is able to maintain her
personality with the medication in the
ampules but the effects
are only temporary the only way to save
her is to revert her to her human state
and to do that we need your power
are you telling the truth if you're
trying to use my sister
as an other weapon that is simply what
they tell seyron
this facility's true purpose is to
revert humans that have been
metamorphosed into others
back to their original state then tell
me what i need to do
you'll need to be at full strength i'll
need some time to prepare as well
continue exterminating others until
we're ready
bide your time i promise you naomi will
be safe
i don't like it but i'll go with it for
now
then go back to sayron and hold tight on
standby
don't do anything so rash again
[Music]
we should treat ourselves to a day on
the town to raise spirits
yeah we can't force it on casane though
you're right seeing naomi like that
even i was shaking
standby huh so what do you want to do
we could go back to osf headquarters
before you do could i have a moment of
your time
excuse me but who are you please
excuse my manners i work for the ceyron
government
i have come to ask you all a favor this
is a request from a group of us who do
not quite see
eye to eye with travers what are you
talking about
i thought major general karan and the
saeran government are in this together
we have determined that yuito sumaraki
is connected to the cunad gates
formation
our experts say that the gate will bring
a great disaster to the world
if left alone we propose the
assassination of yuito sumaragi to
traverse
but he has skirted the issue after some
reconsideration
we decided that we should delegate this
task to the hero who assassinated
chairman sumaraki instead
you want kasane to assassinate yuito
[Music]
i'll do it what are you serious
do you know what you're even saying
thank you for your cooperation
we have intel that yuito sumaragi is
currently in kikuchiba on assignment
i will leave the rest to you good day
[Music]
i wasn't able to find out the identity
of that man but i was at least able to
determine that he works for ceyron's
prime minister
so the fact that this is a request from
the government checks out
are you really going to assassinate
yueito
look i know what this sounds like coming
from me but don't you think that's a bit
much
i'm not saying what future yuuito told
you isn't true
kakarot does have a point as of now we
only have circumstantial evidence
nothing is really concrete this also
goes against major general karen's
wishes
are you still gonna go through with it
yes
i'm going to kill yuito that's most
likely the only solution we have
only solution my ass i'll make my way to
kikuchiba
what the hell you can't just leave
well we came here just like the guy
wanted us to
are you sure about this are you really
going to kill yuito either way we
couldn't just let you go by yourself
everyone here has your back listen
kasane
we'll help you fight but it ends there
after that each of us will act
independently
got it
there you are
just hold on we can talk this over
no point
you'll be dead
kasani tell me why did you kill my
father and join ceyron
is it because my father was involved in
metamorphosis research
because new himuka turned naomi into an
other
so you found out about it too yes that's
exactly right
[Music]
great just what we needed we should fall
back to our hideout
wait kasani
this is completely messed up how can you
just decide to kill yuito like that
that day we came back from the future
you said that it wasn't going to be an
easy decision yourself
our future depends on it look
if that's your argument do you actually
have proof that it's all true
i'm sorry but i just don't believe that
killing yuito is the answer to solving
everything
besides it seems pretty extreme to kill
both the father and the son
[Music]
what exactly is your reasoning behind
all this
if you can justify killing yuito then
i'm all ears
there's no point trying to explain
that's for us to decide what
i've been wanting to tell you this for a
while now cassani but you are way too
selfish
you make quick decisions and determine
what needs to be done
even when you lose your cool you're able
to compose yourself
i really respect those qualities yeah i
said it i respect you
that's why i was able to accept you as
my leader but no
not this time why should you kill yuito
don't expect any help from me until you
can give me a good
valid reason that
but whoa there sheedan
i think that's enough ah the youth are
so
passionate i like it it looks like your
passion
got to her continuing to harp on her
like that isn't going to get us answers
listen kasane we have no idea what kind
of things you're bottling up inside
we don't know the weight of it or
whether it's painful or not
the only thing we know right now was
simply what happened to naomi
saying that an explanation would be
pointless means you have something you
should say
lucky for you there are four open-minded
people here ready to listen
i'm pretty sure there are different
perspectives you can consider as well
tell us we deserve to hear it
yes we're all on the same team here
i'm sorry so you're really not gonna
tell us
no i just wasn't sure how to explain it
so i'm sorry i said it'd be pointless to
tell you
well if that was the case then you
should have said something
i'm sorry oh this apology is for making
you jump to conclusions
so yeah i think i got that
hey sheedan come on let's try to relax a
little okay
it's great you're invested and that's
cool and all but it's also
lame at the same time shut up
anyway if you're gonna tell us then tell
us already
okay the first reason is what i felt at
kunan gate
i felt something like the power of the
red strings coming from it
the time portal that should be
disappearing lingers because of ueto's
power
that's what made me believe what future
yuuito said
the second reason is because of what
karen said
he knows that we went to the future
he does arshi you were eavesdropping so
you can confirm
yeah from what was said in the future i
knew there was a good chance that karen
was involved in some way or another
he's at least aware that a time
traveling power exists and has accepted
it
the third reason is that the ceyron
officials said yuito was involved
[Music]
i see so for you all your suspicions
leading up to now were confirmed
yes i mean they're all just
circumstantial but
it's all i have i'm sorry
you're apologizing for the wrong thing
again what we wanted was a fair
explanation and you provided one
you don't need to apologize for that and
it's thanks to your explanation
we came to understand exactly why you
made your decision
yeah i can see where you're coming from
now but i still have a question
why didn't you discuss all this with us
i told you
i didn't have any definite proof and i
didn't think you'd believe me
but i did and everyone else here too
some of it i'm still not convinced about
but i don't think all of it's a lie
it's proof that your way of thinking is
wrong
that's why we should talk from now on we
have each other's backs here
that's what makes us a team i'm sorry
there you go again huh
there's a different phrase you should be
saying right now
that's right if you want to build
trustful relationships
an apology isn't what's needed right now
oh um
thank you everyone
kasane you've come to see me let me
guess
you've finally fallen for this sly fox's
charms
disturbing things do tend to stand out
ouch i demand an apology and
compensation
therefore i'd like you to come to
kikuchiba with me kikuchiba
what are we going to do with a ruin
overrun by others
i mean if i suggest we go to musubi's
for a talk
you just turn me down it doesn't matter
where we do it
i hate meaningless conversations just
think about it
if there are others we can fight it
wouldn't be meaningless if we were also
gaining valuable fighting experience
if you don't want to talk you can just
focus on the fighting
that way there's no wasted time
i can't imagine i can improve my skills
training with you
our power disparity is too great
seriously
come on just humor me would you please
kasani
why does he want me to go with him as
irritating as this is
this might be a good opportunity to
finally get him to tell me about his
past
okay if it's training then i'll go with
you
that's the spirit don't let my graceful
knife skills make you fall in love with
me
since i'm absolutely not interested
could you fight invisible the entire
time
[Music]
there's no sign of any others
what really they're usually everywhere
of all the days they're not around
this is no different than talking at the
hideout let's go back
wait wait wait we'd be wasting a trip if
we just turned around
and went home fine atta girl
don't worry i won't bore you there's
also something i wanted to show you
what it's a surprise for later come on
this way
well our plans may have gone awry but at
least we can have some fun without
getting interrupted by others
our goal was combat training having them
around was the whole point
even you must have realized that the
combat training was nothing more than an
excuse
oh this really brings back memories this
area used to be a shopping district
i always came here with friends to blow
off steam
now it's nothing but a bunch of sad
rubble gives me a strange feeling
i mean i guess to someone young who
wasn't around back then this
would look like nothing but a pile of
rubble
somewhere nobody lives anymore nothing
left but visions
it's almost like the entire city has
been left to haunt this area
i know it sounds absurd but in a way
it's actually pretty funny
he's doing it again he's lost his levity
i wasn't just imagining it
[Music]
oh there it is an arcade game
not just any arcade game you operate a
crane to grab a prize
and if you manage to drop it down the
hole you get to keep it
this used to be real popular back in the
day especially with couples
this is why we came here let's see if it
still works
it's plugged in but it's not responding
maybe it's broken
wait no it's just locked all right
time to use the hacking program i
borrowed from arashi
that sounds illegal this place may be in
ruins but are we allowed to just operate
this and take a prize
don't worry about it it's been left like
this forever so nobody's going to get
mad if we take a prize or two
oh nice it worked ha look at that
now tell me which one you want i'll grab
it for you
[Music]
there are only plushies i don't really
want any of them but if i had to choose
one
then that one i guess okay
say no more consider it yours i used to
play these games all the time
back in the day i'm basically an expert
now
start it up turn here and
now he dropped it
i'm not giving up yet
one more time this time i'll get it for
sure he hasn't even gotten a single one
yet
at the rate this is going i'll never be
able to ask him about himself
can i get a turn okay but
this is more difficult than i thought
it'd be you know
i bet the store manager put the prize in
a position where it's hard to get
hey you're cheating all my hard work
vanished like tears in the rain
you brute forced a locked machine with a
hacking tool so who's the real cheater
here
well i suppose you're right okay then
i know this just started to feel like a
date but i think it's time we call it a
[Music]
day
oh were you two together oh boy
looks like we're caught well cat's out
of the bag
i guess there's no sense in hiding our
secret now
[Music]
secret what were you doing
he thinks we were on a date which i in
no way wanted any part of
if it were a date well i'd call it a
complete failure
kasane why would you say that in front
of me
what part of it was a failure naomi told
me dates were supposed to be fun
that wasn't fun at all oh that's too bad
well you're a little too young to go on
a real date anyways
and i am an old geezer in fact
i'm old enough to have a kid your age
now that i think about it
the major here would be more suitable
for me
then why don't you treat it like an
outing with your daughter
what's the fun in that it's not like i
actually want to go on a date with him
i can't imagine it'd be more fun than
this last one whoa now that sounds like
a challenge to me
okay give me another shot do whatever
you want
i'm glad you two are getting along so
well
there are a lot of things different
about you kasane
i could say you're an unlikely woman
naomi always said i was easily
misunderstood
yeah i get that you just say whatever is
on your mind
i generally find staying quiet makes
more friends though
oh well that lack of control is one of
your good features
[Music]
arnishi why are you sleeping here didn't
you say you were going to check the sas
our she is currently in maintenance
please wait until services resume
skipping out on work are she you bring
lazy to a whole new level
shut up people need to get plenty of
rest or they can't work
plenty of rest oh look at the time
it's almost time to eat no wonder i'm so
hungry
what a stupid alert system wow
so you can't even be bothered feeling
hungry well i was going out to eat
if you're hungry then how about joining
me eat out
listen rookie the city is full of danger
you could find yourself surrounded by
civilians or hounded by the crows
fans in the press must be tough being
famous
basically you're saying it's a pain
i thought so we don't need to go out we
have our rations
it gives us the minimum essential
nutrients we need isn't that wonderful
you care about efficiency that much of
course
and these rations can be eaten right
away it's my treat wanna join me
it seems like you're absolutely against
going outdoors
okay let's eat here then
[Music]
ah this soda hits the spot
there is no better beverage in the world
glad to hear it by the way do these
rations taste a little too salty to you
you think so
i'd understand if it were heavily
seasoned but i'm just getting a strong
taste of salt
it's not very balanced hmm that's
surprising
i thought you were more like me and
didn't really care about taste that much
hmm now that you mention it i don't
think i used to care
i bet it's because of naomi's cooking my
taste probably changed without me
noticing
she likes to cook too handmade hair clip
homemade cooking
she sounds like quite the homemaker she
liked doing it since we were little
and i always helped with the taste
testing i see
that's why these rations are not to your
liking it's not that i don't like them
i just said it's not very balanced
it could just be that my palate is more
refined now than it was before
good grief are you really bragging to me
about your sister right now
how are you do so close when you're not
even related by blood
because my sister was so kind there's no
way i would have survived in that house
without her
did something happen with your family i
guess
don't get me wrong i'm very grateful
they took me in
but my parents don't see me as family
not naomi though she's always been there
for me
protecting me and that's why i wanted to
do everything in my power to protect her
no matter what
i don't know naomi that well we only got
to fight together a short time
and this might come off as rude but that
hair clip and naomi's cooking you hold
so dear
i just don't understand their worth
however hearing you tell me about them
has
helped me to get to know naomi you
really found yourself a good sister
yes i did
[Music]
thank you for the food okay we've gone
through the chore of eating
time to resume services seems like
you're ready to go back to work
before i forget you can pay me back for
the rations by helping me out with a
little job later
what oh just hearing you talk about
naomi i sense that you're someone who
has a strong sense of duty
when someone protects you you protect
them back
in other words since i treated you to a
meal today
you'd want to pay me back or else it
wouldn't sit right with you
i'm really just doing it for your sake
i'll let you know what you have to do
later
now i've got to go oh that's so unfair
aura she this must be what she had in
mind the whole time when she said she'd
treat me
she really got me nobody is better at
slacking off than she is
oh cassani perfect can you get me a soda
from the refrigerator
sure but i think it would be faster if
you got it yourself
i need my calories burning those
calories with my power would be putting
the cart before the horse
don't worry i'll pay you back i don't
know when though
[Music]
so about our mission from the ceyron
government i wrote in the report that we
were interrupted and were unable to
complete our assignment
you mean i did honestly i only did it
because nobody around here bothers with
the paperwork
wow sheeden you're so reliable keep up
the good work hey
watch it i wonder if they're going to
give us a new other suppression
assignment
karen made it seem like they would which
reminds me
i'm curious about what karen said in the
future it was
why now if you had managed to get here
sooner we could have found a way to cure
the metamorphosis
and turn them back to normal
finally i can finally save her
he seemed together current statements
cassani's power must be a clue on how to
reverse metamorphosis
major kyoka where did that come from
well maybe not karen did mention that we
should have arrived earlier so
he could have copied kassani's
psychokinesis whenever he wanted but he
hasn't
if what he wants is the red string's
power then the matter is not about
finding a cure
he would take time and calm down kyoka
huh what's gotten into you you almost
sounded like arashi when she's actually
focused
really that's strange i didn't think i
was acting any differently
trying to put all the pieces together
maybe you just fell into a trance
whatever it was your line of thinking
was interesting
it does seem like karen thinks kasane is
the key
yes she is very important to major
general karen
there's no mistake about it do you think
the reason i came to sayron is because
of karen too
that's certainly a possibility wouldn't
rule it out what do you think he's
planning
sorry to interrupt but khasane platoon
has been given an other suppression
assignment
there's a high probability for others
appearing in the mizuhagawa new city
development district
head there immediately you heard her
let's head over and take care of this
first then we can talk you're right
there's no sense thinking about it now
but we should all be careful
this is the area the other report
projected
yes our assignment is to exterminate any
others that appear here
why send us all the way out here you
would think there were other places more
worth protecting
believe it or not this area is actually
a trade route to togetsu
yeah i know it may not look like much
but it's actually pretty important
togetsu may be an isolated religious
state but apparently trades happen when
interests are aligned in other words the
extent of the relationship is strictly
business
so what does everyone want to do
wow did my ears just deceive me i think
kasane just asked us for our opinion
normally she'd just rush out looking for
others
i see no one has any ideas in that case
let's do what we normally do wait nobody
said we didn't have any ideas
kaguro stopped teasing kasani my bad
your highness
don't get your panties in a bunch my to
the panties
who cares anyways if you have an idea
speak up
as for ideas i no we don't have any
i hacked the system to see what the
transport schedule was today but i
couldn't find anything around this time
that means we can concentrate on
exterminating the others
everyone stay vigilant and move forward
wait i just received your request for
reinforcements
a transport team is being attacked by
another up ahead
wow really because arashi literally just
said there weren't going to be any
transports now
it definitely wasn't on the schedule if
there's a transport team it means this
was off the books
the timing is too convenient there's a
chance it could be a trap
should we wait and see first haruka
is this reinforcement's request coming
from ceyron
yes it's an official osf request
then we have to answer we're part of the
ceyron osf now
you're right besides we can't just
abandon people who need our help
let's do what we can well then
time to find out what's waiting for us
let's get this show on the road
are you all right are you with cassani
platoon
everything should be fine now that
you're here don't talk you're wounded
badly
i'll fix you up as best i can i'm okay
but you have to help my teammates first
the truck is still under attack
it's another but it was human
those pseudo-bastards transformed
someone into an other and
[Music]
transformed into another
this is a critical mission you have to
protect the truck and get it to the
supernatural life research facility
this is valuable information wait here
for rescue we'll take care of everything
haruka i've already requested a rescue
team
the supernatural life research facility
isn't that the lab naomi was in
let's hurry they won't get away with
turning people into others
oh i wasn't going to go rush off on my
own again
are we all on board i hate to agree but
i'm all for hurrying
thank you sheedan no need for thanks
now come on or i'm going to leave you
behind
cassani is finally showing her
vulnerable side
or maybe she's just expanded her
horizons
i'm so happy we're all getting along now
let's go help the transport team
that must be the truck i don't see any
members of the transport team
hey look by the truckload there's
someone there
they're hitting it with a stick or
something
this is a damn sturdy door can't even
hack it just
break it down already my arms are
getting tired
is that kodama what are you doing
well if it isn't the traitors how have
you been
hmm why do you look so scared
kodama did you turn someone into an
other and make them attack this
transport team
i mean this was headed for the ceyron
research facility
i figured it had to have something
important
you're trying to find out what they're
researching by digging through their
cargo
i swear your methods are insane it's the
fastest way
so anyway can you let me go just this
once
pretty please yeah
i don't think so that's too bad
well i guess we're doing this
don't get mad at me when i kill you
hey not bad you're a lot stronger than
before
you all deserve a nice round of applause
kodama throw down your weapon and don't
make any sudden movements
we have a lot of questions for you well
you do have me surrounded i don't think
i'm getting out of this one
just kidding what
you expected i wouldn't have a plan
what buh-bye now
looks like she got away at least the
truck seems fine
do you want to escort it back to the
facility then
hmm it did seem like it was an important
mission from what the transport team
member said
maybe we should then i'll contact the
superiors about the suppression
assignment
wait i'm getting a reading nearby
it's not the ceyron osf it could be more
of kodama's men
well we obviously don't want anyone
following the truck
so i'll go check it out and stop them
here if it comes to that
oh i'm definitely tagging along major
kyoka if it's an ambush then i'm just
the man for the job
it's my specialty arshi please get this
truck back to the supernatural life
research facility
and it's go time good luck kids
weren't we supposed to discuss things
first
let it go anyway we'll leave that to
kyouka and kaguro
we have a truck to transport does it
still run
sure does it's got a few scrapes but
nothing serious
the truck bed's reinforced armor is full
of dents and kodama did all this with
just a metal pipe
unbelievable it's just stupid how
incredibly strong she is
where have you been hurry up and unload
the truck
i need to go get the lab ready great now
they're making us do manual labor too
this is turning out to be more of a pain
than i thought
araka any word from kyoko or kaguro
not yet it's hard to get a good signal
to mizuhogawa
i think it's because of the extinction
belt above
i see then let's get this over with
you all hear me great you're all right
what about kaguro you know me i normally
say i'm ship shape
but we've actually found ourselves in a
tight spot
it wasn't kodama's men in mizuhogawa
it was yuito platoon and they noticed
the truck
yuuito platoon did you two
yes we couldn't have anyone following
the truck
so we did what we had to do which was
fight them
it was only to buy some time though then
we used major kyokus duplication and my
invisibility to lose them
which is how the story would go in a
perfect world but
they've got sugumi's eyes on their side
ah her clairvoyance we can't let our
guards down
we'll try to rendezvous back with you
after we throw them off our trail
you should still be careful though copy
that
contact us if anything happens sorry
guys
due to the extinction belt i can't track
ueto platoon
well there's nothing we can really do
about that we just have to finish this
annoying work first
we managed to get one truck unloaded
they all look like the same boxes
huh sheedan what's wrong
are you tired what no i'm not tired
i was just curious what this cargo was
that's it
damn what are you doing you can't unlock
private cargo just because you're
curious
no it just unlocked on its own
what is it did you find an other inside
or something
look what is it
this is a human
head this one too
all of these cases they're filled with
heads
what are they going to use them for
wait food
naomi said she takes the medication in
the ampoules
these are probably used to research the
other weapons
or maybe no i shouldn't be tossing
around any theories at this point
so basically these human heads are being
transported from togetsu
that researcher mentioned getting the
lab ready we might be able to find
something if we search the facility
we're not done unloading the truck but i
can't stop thinking about this
let's go check out where he went
really do hate this place the stench is
just awful
i was right it can't be
oh it definitely is others feed on human
brains and this facility houses others
and
[Music]
ampules how could these ampoules
but that means naomi intruders were just
detected coming in from the facility's
rear entrance
i've also received an update on our
assignment from ceyron
the intruders are yuito sumeragi and new
himuga osf
members and we are to eliminate them no
matter what
damn it of course they'd come now
seems like seyron really wants yuito
dead
they must be desperate to eliminate the
threat that kunad gate poses
eliminate them what are you going to do
kasane
we should kill him to save the world
but i know i haven't been listening to
anyone else
so maybe yuito wants to talk to me like
all of you did
wait one more thing if we refuse this
assignment
they said they would dispose of the
research subjects in order to bury the
evidence
so they're taking naomi as a hostage
yeah and knowing that naomi is your one
soft spot i probably would have done the
same if i were them
but can they really do that she's still
an important
research subject to them and there's no
way major general karen would let them
he didn't want yuito to be assassinated
that may be true but that still doesn't
prove that karen would protect naomi
although i can't picture him treating
human-born others like mere objects
either
however this assignment came to us
officially which means there's a chance
it came with karen's approval
they could also be bluffing what's
important isn't whether or not they're
bluffing
it's how certain we are they won't harm
naomi
[Music]
that's and it doesn't help that we've
already failed one assassination attempt
this response seems natural if they
suspect we have ulterior motives
it's not like we can break naomi out and
take her with us
does that mean we have no other choice
but to fight yuito
hmm let's hide
are you serious naomi is in danger
i know but fighting them out in the open
wouldn't be smart
we should hide in the next area and
ambush them
that would give us an excuse to leave
here and would buy us some time to think
haruka report our plan to them we'll lie
and wait for the intruders and stand by
for an opportunity to attack
copy that good luck
uh platoon is headed to the factory
block as predicted
they will arrive in 30 seconds we've
been ordered to send the control system
data to say run after we make contact
with yuito
in other words they'll be monitoring
your conversation
be careful understood
you eat a platoon arriving in five four
three
what is this facility it looks like some
sort of assembly line
hey those boxes aren't they the same
ones from that transport truck we saw
what is it tsugumi does it contain what
i brought earlier
a human head you've got to be kidding me
all of these what in the world
is this place
what do you want to do have you gotten
your thoughts together yet
there are no thoughts to get together i
don't have a choice
it's only an issue of resolve so
we have to fight that's our assignment
besides if we let uito leave now
the public will find out about this
place and the ampoules
then they might stop all the research
what would become of naomi if that
happened
either way our only choice is to kill
yuuito
have you thought about what the ampoules
contain
of course i have but to be honest just
thinking about it won't solve anything
well we have your answer just listen to
yourself
we should just tell them everything
yuito will understand
he's way too forgiving we should take
advantage of that
and then what that would mean going
against ceyron
if you have a way to save naomi then
tell me
i never said okay calm down you two
what about fighting to a draw we can
just tell saron that we had to be
careful we didn't damage this very
important facility
or something along those lines knowing
the strength of ueto platoon we should
be able to convince the government that
we tried our best but couldn't beat them
however they would get suspicious if
they completely overpowered us
we'll have to fight like we mean it this
is the best idea
i've got i can go along with that
that's fine with me too guys you need to
make contact with ueto platoon soon
let's go see ron will start to get
suspicious if we wait any longer
those ampoules i think i'm going to be
sick
this can't be real right
those were made by spring
[Music]
pharmaceuticals
damn it
looks like kyoku couldn't lose you
what is this i think you've already
figured it out
this is spring pharmaceutical ceyron
factory to be more accurate it's an
other research facility they run jointly
with the saeran government
they're using these heads to make their
products
sheeden stay calm just concentrate on
stopping yueito
wait let's talk hey
i'm out of it already
making drugs out of human heads is crazy
we have to stop them
but naomi she needs this
what do you mean what is this facility
for
that's you are not authorized to divulge
any more
information are you the government
official from before
i'm sorry i was ordered to patch him
through
please focus on eliminating the target
we promise you fair compensation for
your efforts
by compensation you do mean naomi safety
correct
i want a clear answer that'll stay on
the osf transmission record
well why aren't you answering
my bet is because you made this call on
your own without major general karen's
permission
there's been a change in plans i am
cancelling your assignment
await your next orders
communication with ceyron has been
disconnected we're not being monitored
anymore
i can't take this anymore i'm telling
them everything
no i will this place is another research
facility
run jointly with spring pharmaceuticals
just like arashi said
human brains of people with powers are
being brought here
a portion of them are transplanted into
others to turn them into other weapons
the rest are turned into a medical
solution to feed the others
that's horrible hey
are you really sure about ceyron i know
new himuka has a lot of its own issues
it's not right that the government
monitors everyone and controls all the
information
but ceyron causing the uprising that's
just as messed up
can we really let them get away with
transplanting human brains into others
or processing the brains into drugs
no we can't obviously that being said
there are in fact some people who've
been forced to accept it
like my brother and then there's casane
people whose loved ones have been turned
into others they depend on that
medication
human-born others can temporarily regain
their senses when they take that
medication
even letting them talk does karen have a
family member that's been metamorphosed
no not a family member has luca or
fabuki mentioned it
alice
are you okay what's wrong
you look like you're in pain there's
something wrong with yuito's brain
he's beginning to show signs of speech
and memory impairment whenever he uses
his power
i'm okay now the pain is fading
damn sorry to interrupt but you need to
leave now so we can call this a draw
hurry up or the others will come we
should leave too
that okay with you kasani yes
i'm sorry i heard from haruka it seems
like a lot happened while we were gone
if yuito and his team left shouldn't we
be checking on a certain someone that's
right
naomi i'm coming naomi
naomi great we'll go check and see how
naomi's doing
what about you guys where are you we're
close by
so let's meet up at naomi's room
i had no idea that drugs in the ampoules
were made from human brains
so you found out i heard a researcher
she said that yuito and his team saw the
heads
calm down naomi i can't do this anymore
if i had known it came from human brains
i would have told them no
it's a cruel reality but without these
drugs it wouldn't be possible to talk
with you like this
yes i know but brains
[Music]
that makes me no different from the
others
that's not true you're still you
thank you but i have to be honest
this is too much for me i can't do it
i don't want to live if it means other
people have to die
wait i'll find a way to turn you back so
please don't give i'm up
please i need to be alone hey homie
you undisciplined rats i know you can
hear me
get out of naomi's room now
major general karin you're here at the
facility
i'll tell you about the research they do
here now get out of there so naomi can
calm down
let's go i'll be back naomi
i'm sorry
so ceyron isn't as unified as i had
thought
first i think uos rats an apology for
stringing us along through all this
who owes who now
[Music]
i don't care about an apology have you
found a way to turn naomi back
if she stays here she's
not yet i'll keep naomi's psychological
well-being in mind
but this facility is the best chance she
has
even if we manage to pacify naomi she'll
have to continue taking the ampules
he'll be able to do it why is ceyron
conducting research like this
what are they planning on doing to
others using human brains
[Music]
i suppose i should tell you what seyron
and suo's true motives are
it all comes down to how each city views
others and the extinction belt
the extinction belt suo
wants to eliminate the extinction belt
to stop the others
while sayron believes they need the
extinction belt
the differing views of the extinction
belt is the root of suo and saeran's
conflict
i might not agree with their methods but
i can understand sui's position
seyron on the other hand why do they
think the extinction belt is necessary
that's where the others come from ceyron
is pursuing their counter-other research
while avoiding the elimination of the
extinction belt
kaguro what do you think would happen if
the extinction belt disappeared
um no idea why are you asking me
never mind in any case i don't care
about what either side wants
more importantly kasane
what what you did here was reckless
i only did what i could for naomi
sayron's threats aren't just a
bargaining strategy
watch what you leak to yuito and be
careful you don't do anything that would
put naomi in danger
that's all for now no we're not done
here we still have questions
remember your roles that will help naomi
more than anything
he looked like he was in a hurry i
wonder if something happened
it's painstakingly obvious that karen is
still hiding information from us
listen we've just been through a lot i
think we should go back to the hideout
and get some rest
yes hold on naomi
i promise i'm going to save you
welcome back everyone you've come here
as well
i was afraid i might run into that
government official if i went back to
headquarters
i'm sorry forcing the guy's hand by
threatening to put him on the record
must have put you in an awkward position
his face was beat red it was hilarious
if i saw him in person i would have
laughed right in his face
oh i would have loved to see that mad
bastard totally deserves it
i can't leave naomi there i have to
hurry and find a way to turn her back
can i really rely on karen
you don't look so well hey
you better not be thinking about running
off on your own to save the day again
no don't worry i'm not
karen mentioned that my power was
connected in some way to saving my
sister
he did mention that didn't he sure
didn't make an effort or even care to
explain himself though
i thought with everything that happened
at the other research facility
naomi would be protected if i asked him
but now
i'm not so sure there's still so much i
don't know
that's true but to be honest we barely
know anything about the others
that laboratory holding naomi has the
most advanced research on them
so there's something i've been wondering
about that place
you know that truck that you escorted
wasn't it from togetsu
yes while there were no records judging
from its route there's no mistake it
came from togetsu
considering the cargo it was carrying i
feel like togetsu must be connected to
the other research somehow
you're kidding right togetsu is not that
kind of place
all right you're from there and you
follow their faith
it's a religious community that worships
the moon i've never even heard them say
anything about
others but with all that cargo they're
providing
they must be connected in some way or
another togetsu has a long history
and managed to establish a different
culture from suo or ceyron
that alone sets it apart i think it's
safe to assume that they have
information that would prove useful to
us
i've never actually considered togetsu
before but you might be onto something
given the situation
we might find a clue there that will
help naomi
you're really going there you won't find
much
i can honestly say i don't know of any
place less exciting
what do you want to do let's go to
togetsu
for real weren't you even listening
karen told us not to do anything that it
upsets ceyron
but i don't fully trust him if we don't
know what he knows or what he's hiding
then we don't have a choice and what
about naomi
it might not be a bluff next time
haruka i have a favor to ask
i'll keep an eye on ceyron and the
research facility and contact you if
there's any change
thank you i owe you one
[Music]
well let's get ready to go to togetsu
oh boy i don't like the way this is
going
[Music]
[Applause]
all right everything seems to be in
order
are you using a battle mask now that's a
good idea
no i don't plan on using it yet really
it looks brand new captain seto left
this for me
oh he did i guess they found it when
they went through his belongings
and it finally made its way to me i see
that's nice yeah
but when i look at this i can feel how
much expectation he had for me
i'm not worthy of this mask yet i'll use
it once i'm stronger
don't you think he wanted you to use it
right away you say you want to wait
until you're stronger
but do you even have a concrete goal
well
when i'm as strong as him how many years
will that take
it's not going to take years i'll be as
strong as him
real soon when i was a rookie captain
settle would always encourage me
telling me i could succeed i want to
live up to his expectations
if i don't then i have no right putting
on this mask
[Music]
he cared about captain seto
i heard that someone found his fountain
pen was that you
what if it was i thought so
thank you for that you don't need to
thank me
i just didn't want his belongings
discarded on the street
i know exactly how you feel but why did
you let me have it
because you needed that pen more than i
did i saw the way you looked at him
i know you admired him what
wait don't tell me you didn't even
realize it
how did you know it's pretty obvious
i looked up to him too but i'm pretty
sure we had
different types of feelings for him
different how
figure it out yourself they're your
feelings
i've never given my feelings for captain
seto any thought
anyway i let you have that fountain pen
i swear if you don't take good care of
it i'm coming after you
i'll treasure it thank you again you've
done a lot to help me
where's all this coming from listen
don't get the wrong idea about me
things can come to light even after a
long time passes
i have cheaten to thank for making me
realize that
if platoon morale drops it affects me
too so
it's not like i was doing it for you oh
i'm sorry could you say that again i was
a little lost in my own thoughts
like i say it again damn it
besides i bet he would have done the
same thing with the fountain pen
really i know he must have cared about
you too
he was a really good person he was a
great mentor admired by everyone
and someone who meant more than anything
to me i no longer have anyone that
recognizes my abilities
but i'll continue working hard to
someday reach his level
if your goal is to be like him why don't
you work on your people skills too
i'd much rather use that time to work on
my abilities
people will naturally come to me as long
as i'm irrefutably strong
then that means you're not strong enough
to have people follow you now
what's wrong with that i know i'm
nowhere near him
it's good that you know where you stand
i suppose you're planning to work hard
in order to reach his status
yeah things can't stay this way
you just wait i'm looking forward to it
oh cassane what's wrong
i'm sorry hold on i'm getting another
headache
okay it's gone now you still don't look
well
maybe you should rest no i need to clean
the hideout soon
i can't cause trouble for
we'll feel a lot better if you rest
instead of pushing yourself in this
state
please kyoka okay i'll rest for a little
bit then
[Music]
here drink one of my special nutrition
drinks
don't worry it hasn't expired i didn't
join the osf to take care of someone
else
i'll leave the wrong towels here i'm
sorry
i don't mean to worry you it's not so
bad being looked after
just rest up for now we don't want our
nice hideout getting cleaned up by kyoga
anyway
wow look how popular she is she got the
lazy arashi and this sour little sheet
in to get off their butts and help
why don't you do something too kaguro
what
can't you tell kasane i'm lovingly
watching over everyone for her
anyway we should leave her alone so she
can actually get some rest
[Music]
how are you feeling kyoka brain waves
are stable
pulse is also at normal level no issues
to report
kyouka was that huh oh
i'm sorry it looks like the old me came
out again
she seems to pop out when i'm tired or
concentrating on something
what does it feel like to suddenly be
someone else well
it's not like i'm particularly conscious
of it
but there's no clear distinction it's a
different person from me
to be honest i don't even know which is
the real me
that must be tough i mean if you can't
tell anyway
why don't you just choose the one you'd
rather be that's a good point
thank you you're right i wish i had a
choice
well i feel so much better thanks to you
are you sure you're okay you don't need
to try to support everyone by yourself
anymore
you can come to us for help sometimes i
appreciate your concern
but i'm really okay now besides i'm
dying to clean
i have to scrub every inch to make up
for lost time
oh i know i'll cook for everyone to
thank them
she really does seem like she's doing
better maybe i'll go do some training
what happened here i was only gone for a
minute
it's kuka what about her
she did a clean sweep this is the end
for me
you have to stop her
clean sweep it looks like a tornado went
through here
sheedan what happened to you
said she cooked something for us and
when i took a bite
my whole body went numb
damn it i should have known from the way
it looked
no wake up sheeden
ah doing housework feels so good
oh kasane do you even recognize the room
anymore
i've also made cookies feel free to have
some
um i'll pass oh
you're not hungry that's not good i can
make you some porridge then
i have to make sure she never does
housework around here ever again
it might be bad for her health and it's
definitely bad for ours
[Music]
there this doesn't solve everything but
at least he won't ask me about it
he's someone i may have to kill
eventually i need to make sure we
interact as seldom as possible
or else i might lose my nerve when the
time comes
he's kind of strange he's not like naomi
or captain seto
it's not like i found him especially
interesting so why couldn't i just
ignore him
oh well he can't contact me anymore
for now i just need to focus on naomi
[Music]
so
gamma did you read my message i came to
talk to you
it seems like you still feel responsible
for what happened to naomi
it isn't your fault she turned into
another there's no point in you blaming
yourself
you came all this way just to say that
well you felt guilty enough to come all
the way here
you're right it's probably presumptuous
of me to think it was all my fault
still i can't forget what happened to
her
sad to think this is how i behave after
the decades i've fought
i don't think it's sad just surprising i
thought your experience would allow you
to cope better than this
that's what i thought you don't have
time to falter when a friend dies in
battle
our role as members of the osf is to
bottle up our feelings no matter what
happens
and fight until the last other is killed
but you haven't been able to control
your emotions
do you have any idea why i must be at my
limit
i've lost too many friends friends of
many years and rookies like naomi
while everyone else lost their lives i'm
left standing here
my retirement drawing closer
you make it sound like it's bad that
you're alive
i feel guilty the young people with
promising futures die
someone like me with not many years left
is allowed to live
that's why i was so committed to
protecting the young members
i know that you wanted to protect naomi
however
there's no point in regretting the past
that way you're better off focusing on
what needs to be done right here and now
i know that
gamma behind you
good reaction the enemy was just weak
i can still fight for now
what do you mean for now i'm old
i'll have to retire soon when i retire
they'll stop
administering the anti-aging drug my
body will begin to grow old and my power
will gradually diminish
as someone who's had to rely on my power
for decades to survive in battle
i'm a little worried about its strength
diminishing
i do remember reading something about
that it might be the distant future for
you
and it's just around the corner for me
many retired soldiers have a hard time
adjusting to civilian life after being
in the osf for so long
there are those who have nowhere else to
go after society throws them out
no family or friends to rely on are you
saying you'll be one of them
yeah i spent most of my life in the osf
i can't do much other than fight
how is someone like that supposed to
live outside the military
i'm ashamed to say that i'm afraid of
that day coming
if i have to live on carrying these
feelings from my fallen comrades then i
think i'd rather die in battle
i'm sorry that was a stupid thing to say
i don't understand if you're serious
about wanting to die
then i misjudged you you say that you're
the only one left alive
but it's not like you've survived this
long on your own even my sister was
worried about your health
and you just roll over and die that's so
selfish
i don't know what to say you don't have
to say anything
i'm leaving goodbye
what is he thinking naomi was so
concerned about him
it's not like i haven't thought about
giving up my own life if it could help
save her
but that would only make her sad i
thought he would have figured that out
[Music]
oh kasane would you like to talk about
gardening sure
if you don't mind this is more than just
herbs
yes i like growing plants because
it's fun hearing their different voices
you don't literally mean a plant's voice
right
no because plants can't speak
that's why the person who's growing them
needs to imagine what they're saying
over here follow me i'll show you what i
mean
she's rather assertive when it comes to
plants
looking at the flower beds in cities
like this you can tell how they've grown
and what condition they're in
this flower may look like it's growing
healthy
but if you look carefully you can see
the bottom leaves are changing colors
it's sick however
the branches and roots are fine so i
think it will recover if you snip off
the sick leaves
and give it medicine oh these are all
healthy
but there is a lot of water building up
here which could cause the roots to
decay
you should exchange the soil for some
with better water drainage
i'm sorry i was blabbering again
no i'm impressed not only are you
knowledgeable
you're perceptive enough to notice so
much from their appearance
oh i'm sorry it's not just from their
appearance
i'm using my clairvoyance to see below
the dirt
i can tell everything you normally can't
see from the condition of the roots
to the quality of the soil so it's kind
of like cheating
well i don't think i would call that
cheating you're just putting your power
to use
besides your knowledge and gardening
experience determine the condition of
the plant not your power
thank you oh and of course you can
garden without clairvoyance
[Applause]
i felt the same back during the military
exercises
but the ability to scout anywhere makes
her power an important asset
on top of that she understands her power
and has learned to use it well
she would be an outstanding team member
[Music]
what's wrong tsugumi
would you come with me huh
what do you mean i mean just that
i want you to come to ceyron and fight
alongside me
[Music]
no well it's not just for me
and i know this is a bit unfair for me
to say but i need your help for naomi
too
i'm sorry about naomi but i already
decided i would fight with yuita
even if it means having to fight me
yes when that time comes i won't lose
all right if that's how you feel i'll
give up on trying to recruit you
however please don't expect me to go
easy on you either
and that's okay we'll still win
[Music]
oh look
what is it the inside of this tree is
mostly rotten
it's been infected by a fungus that's
consumed it from the trunk to its roots
you can't save it it's too far gone
if we leave it the wind might blow it
over
in that case i think it's best if we
dispose of it now
i can use my psychokinesis to uproot it
don't say it like that it could lead to
an accident if it suddenly fell over
the tree is dying anyway we should deal
with it
this tree is alive too it's been sick
and suffering
half dead and you're talking about it
like it's garbage
you're right i'm sorry i shouldn't be so
insensitive
uh i'm sorry too
i know you're right it's already too
late
and our only option is to cut it down
but that's why we need to care this tree
has watched over everyone its whole life
i think it's important for us to show it
the proper respect to the end
[Music]
yes thank you for understanding
oh also that shrubbery over there
she has more depth than i thought she's
quiet
but she doesn't just do what she's told
she has a hidden strength
how strange i feel like we would really
get along
are you listening i'd like for you to
pay attention here
don't worry i'm listening you can talk
as much as you want
[Music]
i'm sorry to keep bothering you like
this
you're not bothering me i'm just
wondering if i can really offer you
anything
i mean you're a septetrion and i feel
like you're far more capable
that's due to my title nobody will tell
me their honest opinion thanks to my
perceived status
huh really that's how people generally
are
to that point i feel like you are
someone who doesn't care about titles or
status
and would speak her mind when we fought
the other day
i thought your instincts were excellent
that's why i wanted to hear your
opinions about the way i
fight okay if that's what you want i'll
be honest with you
yes if you would be so kind why do you
even use a hammer as a weapon in the
first place
you have a small frame and you don't
look like you have enough muscle
wouldn't it be more effective to use
something smaller and lighter that fits
your physique
like a knife i see thank you for your
input
but i think you've overlooked a crucial
fact what do you mean
i agree that a hammer is a big and heavy
weapon that doesn't seem to match my
frame
but my power is teleportation
i can close the gap the instant i swing
or move on top of an enemy's head to let
gravity do most of the work
in other words i chose the hammer
because it was the best weapon that
takes advantage of my power
it can also intimidate opponents with
its powerful image
and it even offers a good workout when i
lift it
i see oh sorry
i got carried away there i shouldn't
argue
when i was the one who asked you to give
me your honest opinion
no i was just impressed that you found a
fighting style that matches your power
but if you've established your style to
this degree there's not much
point in asking for anyone's opinion you
might be right
but i feel like i'm lacking something
are you unsatisfied with your current
level of strength
i'd say this is more about eliminating
my weakness than wanting to become
stronger as you already pointed out i
have a small frame
and while i work out every day i don't
have enough muscles
my current fighting style compensates
for these facts
but it also relies too much on my power
i think children of the state like us
all rely on our powers in a fight more
or less
that may be true but think about what
would happen if you could not use your
power at all
you would have no choice but to rely on
your physical strength
but i would be mostly useless the way i
am
not be able to use your power i suppose
that happening
is a possibility but that's a pretty
limited situation
well you never know what could happen on
the battlefield
you have to be prepared for anything
really
i think it's a waste of time to worry
about outliers
you have a point i could be worrying a
little too much
it could be because you don't believe in
your own strength
huh i don't think there's any problem
with the way you fight
if anything i would say it's
psychological in other words a lack of
confidence
how surprising my brother said something
similar to me in the past
he told me i was held captive by my own
weakness
that does seem like my biggest problem
you really are perceptive i was right to
come to you
was anything i said helpful yes this has
been very beneficial to me
you don't hold back when we talk so i
find myself wanting to talk about things
i normally wouldn't that helps me be
more open with my feelings
so i can relax may we talk again
sometime
sure if you're okay with me just talking
like i normally do
of course i'd prefer that what you
consider normal feels fresh and new to
me
what you and your brother are both so
strange
it seems like he's satisfied though so i
guess this was okay
hey kasane are we positively absolutely
going to togetsu
of course we are the very least we
should be able to learn something about
the cargo sent to the research facility
i understand that you have bad memories
of that place
this time we can make good memories of
it or is there some other reason you
don't want to go to togetsu
if that's the case nobody would blame
you for staying behind
do you want to stay behind with me
fine just don't blame me if it sucks
i did warn you we're prepared for the
consequences
kagero show us the way yes ma'am
[Music]
i know they said it would be cold but
this is freezing
i heard that it snows all year round in
some areas
don't catch your death out there
at least there's a road what the hell do
you think togetsu is thinking
building a city in a place like this
it's cold
it sucks and it's a pain in the ass i
haven't even been this far on assignment
before
who's down for turning back everyone
great let's blow this popsicle stand
enough of that we already decided we're
going so stop complaining
i think you're going to regret it you
seem awfully opposed to this
are you hiding something about togetsu
from us
not at all you know maybe i'm imagining
it but it seems like you're pretty eager
to get us all there
it's something we all decided didn't we
kasane
yes and you agreed in the end
i wouldn't call that a green
can't win them all i guess in any case
we need information and that requires us
to go to togetsu now stop complaining
it's freezing
and no more mentioning the cold
[Music]
i didn't really have time to research
togetsu before we left
i don't know much about it either other
than the fact that the togetsu faith is
headquartered there
how big is the city technically it's not
a city
it only has the facility for the faith
itself it's full of weirdos with creepy
obsessions about the moon
honestly the place was a nightmare
i don't think you should be calling them
weirdos people are free to believe what
they want
you might not have many good memories
but i think it's important for you to
make an effort to understand them
yeah yeah
[Music]
the blizzard is kicking up haruka what's
the weather supposed to be like around
here
that's strange it should be clear and
sunny according to the data
there aren't any readings of a blizzard
oh i'm reading another closing in from
the front
a big one be careful
is that other causing the blizzard
good job there are no more other
readings in the area
oh i'm always amazed at the variety of
others
what exactly are others who knows
could be the twisted work of evolution
how far is togetsu isn't it dangerous
that these others are appearing so close
others feed on humans which there aren't
a lot of here so they really don't have
that much of an incentive to attack
new hamuka probably approved togetsu's
religious state because of this location
let's hurry on ahead while we still have
the chance we don't want to run into
another one
also i'm starting to freeze like arushi
right hey kagaro where are you going
what's over there i thought i'd say hi
to an old friend
i want to know if anything's changed
since i was here last
sorry i won't be able to show you around
but you guys should go on ahead
i'll catch up to you soon don't worry
i've come this far
i'm not going to turn around and leave
now
well see ya i can never take him
seriously
i was hoping kagura would stick around
to introduce you
since no one knows you there it's fine
we'll just have to do it ourselves i
hope they let us inside
[Music]
what is it kyoka oh it's nothing
we should get going
lady kassane our treasure
you have finally returned
what's going on why would i be your
treasure
that's quite a welcome they're giving
you i don't know it's still unsettling
they're like robots she den don't be
rude
i'm sure it's just their custom either
way
this is a pretty excessive reception you
have any idea why they do this
no i've never been involved with the
togetsu faith in any way
you would understandably not remember
however you are originally from togetsu
i'm from here yes
you were born with an incredible power
this drew the interest of new himuka and
they abducted you
i don't know what you're up to but
you're lying
my parents were killed by others when i
was young that's why the randall family
took me in
i understand your disbelief however
those of us in togetsu have not
forgotten you for even a single day
we stood fast having faith you would
return to
us one day this is getting us nowhere
we came here to ask questions let's
scratch the formalities
we want to know about the brains you've
been trading to say ron
yes we must tell you the truth however
we will share it only with you i am
terribly sorry
but i must ask you to come with us alone
no whatever you tell me i'm going to
tell them anyway
so why don't you save us the time and
just talk to us here
but your clothes are different so it's
not duplication
there's another fake kyoko over here
what's going on
let me go what the hell
clones how is this happening
[Music]
what's going on yogurt did you know
i'm sorry kasane
this feeling i felt it before
[Music]
good night kasani may you have the most
pleasant dreams
congratulations kasane you're finally
awake
[Music]
who who's calling my name
[Laughter]
look at that it's a puppy isn't that
just the cutest thing you've ever
seen i think he's simply adorable
wouldn't you agree
a puppy i feel so
safe and warm
do i know this woman
they killed him the puppy
that's right i remember
we were always together my beloved
friend
they killed him they killed him right in
front of me
no change her power failed to trigger
it seems the pet's death is not a
sufficient enough shock
please stop cassana is just a child
do you think emotionally torturing her
will actually save the future
the design children were created for
that purpose
she is not a failure like you we need
the red strings to reset this mistaken
universe
and bring about the proper future
we don't need to reset anything this
world is fine the way it is
it's mother so warm and kind
she always protected me how could i have
forgotten
no i don't want to remember
this feeling what is this
she has been a complete failure i had
thought making her an attendant would at
least prove
somewhat useful i guess enough time has
passed
we'll use this next
that's right
i knew it they
you should feel honored you failure you
will become the foundation of a new era
they killed mother
i'm sorry cassani please find happiness
that's right that's the day i lost her
the one who raised me my mother
i'm an artificially created psionic
his red strings power
my head
where am i was that
a dream no
that wasn't a dream it was memories of a
forgotten past
where am i if they went through the
trouble of drugging me
i knew it they locked me in maybe i can
break through somewhere
who's there
i have brought you fresh clothing
huh hey what's going on
whoa chill don't get your panties in a
bunch kasane
it's just me good old kagero
what kind of princess attacks their
prince charming when he comes to rescue
her
your decision to run off just before we
entered together was pretty suspicious
what do you know are you planning on
betraying us like joker
if i was going to betray you i wouldn't
be here to rescue you
why don't you calm down and use your
head i told you you'd regret coming here
anyway i'll explain later this place is
bad news
it's way worse than the last time i was
here also
and i haven't a clue as to why but it
seems like yuito's here too
yuito that's not good
they're after my red strings which means
they'll probably target him too because
he has the same power
then i guess we'll have to save him too
this really puts a damper on my plans
can't believe i have to sneak past their
defenses meet up with arshi and the
others and also warn yuito about the
danger
anyway i'm going to use my power to turn
us invisible
they'll figure out you're gone right
away so we don't have much time
let's go
[Music]
kasane i found yuito you see that door
it leads to the city computer babe
we should follow them inside
oopsies it's locked
they won't be able to hear us from in
there we'll have to wait until they come
out
are you serious think about what they
just did to you
he probably wouldn't be able to answer
even if he could hear you
what do you mean babe is a super top
secret facility
you're not just gonna go ahead and let
some outsider in so easily
but if they used it as bait oh i
see those wily bastards
what is it tell me i'm thinking
that a computer belonging to the city
would be fully capable of hijacking
any mind that accesses it that'd be the
fastest way for them to get to ueto's
power
then we have to break down this door
right now
well well wait a second we'll be found
too that's probably the worst thing we
could do
there's got to be another way i know
i might be able to force a brain talk
connection from here
can you hear me yuito
yuito yuito
[Music]
are your thoughts leaking are you trying
to connect to babe
what i can't my
body is his brain really being hijacked
like kagero said
stop what you're doing is too dangerous
cut the connection now can you hear me
yuito
it seems like they were trying to hijack
my brain
thanks for disconnecting me he's talking
to his team
while i'm still connected i think he's
safe now
yuito i forced myself in because i was
nearby
you're in togetsu too oh wait before
that
thanks for saving me instead of thanking
mia why don't you help me
are she and the others have been
captured they have
they're being held in some room but i
don't know which one
are you in bates terminal i want you to
try to unlock all the doors until gets
you from there
okay i'll try wait if he unlocks
everything alarms
yes that was to be expected
[Music]
good i can finally get through to you
seems like you're okay i'm glad you're
okay too she done
let's rendezvous i know where you are so
just wait for me to get there
hey i'm not some kind of lost child
i'll take care of the last little boy
hurry up and get us
looks like you two aren't hurt
of course not i was more worried about
you but it looks like you're fine
thanks to kaguro i'd still be locked up
if it wasn't for him
i guess it means your shady lone wolf
nature came in handy
guess so now as much as i'd love to
stick around for this touching
heartwarming reunion
time is of the essence here you're right
we should try to escape in all this
confusion
looks like we made it out man my
invisibility power really saved the day
i'll admit that invisibility is useful
but
doesn't it make you uneasy to have
nobody notice you
right you totally get me that's why i
like to shout after i use my power
damn you and your impulses we're still
in enemy territory what if someone finds
us
no need to worry about that they've
already found us
right kyoka
so you noticed me what are you doing
here kyoka
i was already on alert when kaguro
disappeared
unfortunately an unexpected visitor
caused me to fall behind
i can't let you leave we need you to
reset this mistaken universe
here she comes get ready
kyoka there's too much stress on her
brain
stop this is not
i don't know these theories these
memories aren't mine
i'm not pope what are you talking about
have your memories been manipulated i
wouldn't put something like that past
togetsu
cuca you have to remember your kyoku
eden
our teammate
i'm not sure that's going to work if
what i think happened really did
kioka's consciousness is the one that
got tacked on after
i don't know how much you know but she's
trying to fight whatever they did to her
memory
if you can do something help her
you want to help her even though she's a
togetsu spy
oh stuff it kagaro i want to get my
teammate back
yeah yeah yoga
no major kyoka i
i'm losing sight of who i am as well
but so many memories are helping me
piece myself together as kasane randall
one of those memories is you welcoming
me into kyoko platoon
you're kyoka eden you're the commander
who made me who i
am
everyone
are you okay sorry
i'm sorry for all the trouble i've cost
you
yoga i'm so relieved
you're back not so fast
as much as i'd like that to be true she
could just be pretending
arshi i thought you wanted to bring
kyoka back
sorry but i'm not an idealist posing as
a realist like you
i'm skeptical precisely because i want
her back
yes you're right to be skeptical
i i really am a spy for togetsu
since when how long have you been
deceiving us
since the beginning i'm a togetsu spy
sent in to infiltrate suo we needed to
awaken kasana's power in order to
fulfill togetsu's agenda
my orders were to secretly protect
kasane
help her grow and then lead her back to
togetsu once her red strings power was
awakened
i see if you're planning on putting your
espionage behind you
then i want you to tell me something who
is pope
does it have to do with the way you
acted i have the memories of dr hitoyo
pope
the neuroscience expert and founder of
the togetsu faith
[Music]
i used to be dr pope herself a long time
ago
but as i spent my years as kyoka
kiyoka's memories began to build on each
other
and they continued to grow stronger
every day
it was only a matter of time before her
personality took hold
kasane i didn't protect you because i
was ordered to by togetsu
i loved you i loved you and everyone
else on the team
honestly i loved everything about my
life as kioka eden
i knew this day would come but i prayed
so hard that it wouldn't
i had always hoped that your red strings
power would never awaken
not that you would believe me whether we
believe you isn't important
what do you want to do what
arshi said you should only answer if you
thought you're done being a spy
and you did are you planning on going
back to togetsu
and spy for them again what is it that
you want to do
you still haven't told us yet
i i i
am one of the design children a clone
that was created to carry out my mission
that was all i was required to think
about
failure means death
[Music]
that used to be everything to the old me
but now it's different now
i have something i want to do i can't be
sure how much i can hold back pope's
consciousness
there's no guarantee that i'll be able
to suppress it
so being with me might put everyone in
danger
i know what i did is unforgivable and
that i'm in no position to ask you for
anything
but this is where i want to be
with all of you i want to protect kasane
i want to protect all of you because you
gave my life meaning
i believe you i couldn't imagine that
the warmth and kindness i've witnessed
from you were all lies
you may be a little nosy from time to
time but that's just who you are
yeah that's the kyoka i know if that was
an act then we deserve to be tricked and
don't worry
if this pope ever does come out i'll put
you out of your misery
you can be assured of that so basically
you're saying you'll kill her if she
betrays us
that's kind of scary it's nice you could
joke about it
but unlike kyoka who told us everything
you haven't done anything to earn our
trust
ouch that hurts you know i'm the one who
saved kasane
look we can talk about me once we get
out of here
i'm guessing they'll send more people
after us when they realize kyoka is
missing
that's true well let's hurry then come
on kyoka
you too
nobody here objects so obviously you're
coming
thank you all of you
i wonder why i'm so obsessed with the
term design children
i'll have to ask about it again later
kazani i'm getting multiple human
readings some distance away
i believe it's you it'll platoon copy
that
seems like they made it out too would be
nice if we could exchange information
with them
yuito can you and your platoon hear me
cassani i'm glad you're okay
are you near us yes but we're closer to
togetsu than you and we're still running
let me make a suggestion you learned
something in there right
why don't we exchange intel and
we have a lot to talk about okay
i was thinking the same thing good that
settles it
we'll be waiting halfway up here no
mountain roger that
see you then if we're exchanging
information what are we going to tell
them about kyoka
i think we should tell them the truth i
just feel we'll regret it later if we
try to hide it
besides there's something about togetsu
i haven't been able to tell you yet
but let's wait until we meet up with
yuito and his team
i'd be lying if i said i wasn't curious
to know what it is
but yeah it'll be more efficient to hear
it then
well let's head their way then it's ueto
platoon
let's go kasane
looks like all of you made it out okay i
was able to rescue them thanks to your
help
i should be thanking you i would have
been taken over by babe if you hadn't
been there
hey kasani you're not going to try and
kill yuito again are you
i already told you she was the one that
saved me
i know but i want to hear her say it
you have all the right in the world to
doubt me in fact
i don't blame you for it either yes i
think it's best to talk for now
we should talk and find a better
solution rather than just forging ahead
on assumptions
it took me too long to come to this
decision and i apologize for that
something's different about you can you
tell me what happened
why did you try to kill me i know this
will sound ridiculous
but please hear me out
so my power affected the kunan gate
so you knew yeah
i didn't want to believe it but it's
true
so the me in the future
[Music]
i guess i just wasn't able to end it
myself
how lame that's not true
the you and that time was great and you
right now is special too
i have to admit i never thought you'd be
complimenting me
thanks that makes me feel a little
better
i'm proud i have the same power as you
that reminds me how is your brain doing
has it settled down at all
yeah it's fine i'm getting by i told you
not to worry
liar he's trying to keep us from
worrying
just like naomi all right
we should exchange intel then first and
foremost
we got some questions especially about
kyoka
yes of course you would kyouka
are you one of the design children from
togetsu
yes i'm a clone made in togetsu my genes
come from the founder of the togetsu
faith
dr hitoyo pope the city is filled with
chosen psionics
designed from the same genetic data as
me
we are the children of togetsu
again this term design children
i know i've heard it somewhere before it
was when i regained a memory of mother
yes she said i was made
i see i guess that's why kyoka and dr
pope look the same
we were shocked when we saw dr pope's
vision in the togetsu facility
i hate to ask this but if she was one of
the togetsu followers
yes kiouka was a spy she was spying on
kasane
but that's not the case anymore she
decided to live as one of us
i vouch for kyoka she's definitely not
our enemy
yeah i believe you what
that was fast the way kasane looks at
kyouka is proof enough
though that's kind of an embarrassing
way to put it
honestly i don't know much about kyoka
so i can't really make this decision
myself
but i do know kasane i wanted to talk to
her to decide what to do
and i thought it was best to trust her
if i trust kasane then i trust the
people she does
sheedan there's no need to get so riled
up
you know very well this is the kind of
person yuuito is
yeah i just remembered how stupid he is
hey kasani if kyouka is one of the
design children
does that mean you are too hmm
what what are you talking about in
togetsu
we saw design children with the same
face as kasana's
yes i probably am
that's a weird way to say it this is the
first i've heard of this
here to extrapolate i remembered a
little from when i was a child in
togetsu
i remembered mother from what i recall
i was told i was one of the design
children it only just came back to me
so it doesn't feel real that's why i
said it like that
oh i see i'm sorry
it must be a painful memory for you you
look so sad
i'm sorry i shouldn't have asked you're
very kind hanabi
but of course you should have asked
don't worry about it and thank you
you're so nice to her kasani
really i wasn't trying to be anyway
is there anything else you wanted to ask
about yeah there is
if you know anything about humans coming
from the moon i'm hoping you can tell me
more about it
did you hit your head or something oh
so you guys don't know about this
wait what he said is true
yes all right i guess we should explain
what we've been told
who should i talk to first
it may be hard to believe but apparently
our ancestors moved here from the moon 2
000 years ago
the people who colonized the moon began
a major cleanup effort to save the
polluted earth
and make it habitable again they spent
nearly a thousand years on the project
the first colonists from the moon were
led by yakimo sumaragi
what they established on earth later
became known as new himuka
it's hard to believe i know
it was after the first colonists from
the moon arrived on earth
that the extinction belt suddenly
appeared
because of its appearance they were no
longer able to contact the government on
the moon
so i guess it's safe to assume that
there are people on the moon too
apparently human beings colonized the
moon over 3000 years ago
because the earth's environment wasn't
livable anymore
it's so long ago it feels like a fairy
tale
we learned all of this after looking
through togetsu's archive
so i honestly don't know if we should
really believe all of it
but if you were a together spy kyoka you
would know if this is true or not
yes that's indeed what we were taught
but if that was also part of the
conspiracy then
actually no it's true it's all for real
what do you mean kagura sagumi
don't look at me like that i can't stand
it when you look at me like that
kagero there's a lot i want to ask you
but for now tell us about history as
togetsu sees it
do all togetsu believers know this
right about that the faith
that's all a lie just a way to get
togetsu independence
besides the place is mostly made up of
design children
i must say it didn't look like a
religious establishment to me
so does that mean that you are one of
the designed children as well kaguro
now now i said mostly didn't i
i'm a colonist from the moon get real
even if there actually were colonists
from the moon that would have been 2 000
years ago called sleep
yes exactly a few dozen colonists are
being kept in cold sleep in a togetsu
facility
they wake us up in turns to check on the
state of the earth
and then we're supposed to contact the
moon
hold on does that mean you're from the
same
generation as yakimo look i don't expect
you to believe me right away or anything
but it's the truth the people of new
himko wanted to live on earth
so those that wanted to return to the
moon made togetsu
togetsu doesn't care about new himuka or
ceyron
they're an egotistical lot that wants to
return to the moon instead of living on
this crappy
other filled planet but as long as the
extinction belt is there they can't go
back
not only that there's news that others
are attacking the moon too
so they got to thinking what can they do
to save their homeland
and escape earth they need to make it so
the colonization never even happened
in the first place the red strings
the time travel power i see
they want to go back in time and negate
it all from ever happening
but wouldn't humanity eventually attempt
to colonize earth again
and repeat this history to be precise
the plan is to only take the moon and
earth back in time with a few exceptions
is that even possible taking only a
portion of the universe
back in time they believe the red
strings can do it
they plan to leave records of this
timeline's history in the areas that
were not taken back in time
so future generations won't attempt to
colonize earth again
hang on i'm getting confused
that's so outrageous i don't know how to
take it all in
whether you want to believe it or not
togetsu actually managed to create the
red strings to carry out their plan
kasane is the result of that although
it's pretty strange how yuito has a
similar power
let's suppose everything he said is true
that means this isn't really the time to
be squabbling over new himuka or
sayron if toguetsu were to get what
they're after then none of us would have
ever existed
no that's not right we can't let them
succeed
we're all here trying to survive
kagero why would someone at the center
of togetsu's plan reveal all this to us
can we assume that you are planning to
abandon them as well
ruining their plan is something i've
been working towards since the beginning
that's why i joined them to get in the
way
that sounds great and all but how are we
supposed to believe you
you don't have to if you've got a
problem with me i'll walk
but whatever happens i'm not going to
sit back and let them get away with
erasing this history
i left my family on the moon i won't let
them take her existence too
kaguro means it i can tell
it's been a long time since i've seen
him like this
so please trust him
sagumi sugumi knows kaguro best
i think we can trust your judgment
besides
i have a feeling you trust him already
yeah
if sugumi trusts him then i trust him
too and if ueto does then i do too
of course i'll kill him if he betrays us
of course i keep making fun of them for
being naive but that's what ends up
saving me
if we're going to believe kaguro then we
have to believe all of the history about
the colonists from the moon too
and then figure out what we can do
knowing that
we're stopping togetsu's plan that's all
we can do
but it's too much for us to handle alone
we need someone who can move nations
are you going to ask new himuko for help
we're fugitives there
even so we have to that doesn't mean i
forgive them for the things they're
doing though
if they know what togetsu is trying to
do they might realize their terrible
actions are all in vain
what if we asked ceyron for help if they
know about the togetsu threat
they might realize that new himuka isn't
who they should be fighting
i wonder as far as i know both nuhimuka
and seiran should have a clear
understanding about the moon colonists
and their history on top of that they're
both scheming to survive
at least it's better than nothing i
don't want to just sit here and wait to
be erased
indeed so we should split up and give it
a shot
yes let's do that yuito you go to new
himuka
and you go try explaining things to
seyron now we're finally after the same
thing
[Music]
let's do our best
uh what an exhausting day way too much
happened you don't get to say that
at least you already knew about the moon
and togetsu's plan
[Music]
i'm sorry look let's not start pointing
fingers
we should sit down and try to process
what we learned
i agree we've been in the dark all this
time but
not anymore that's right what we need to
focus on now
is stopping togetsu kyouka kagura
you're both all right with that yes of
course
this is what i want to be with all of
you
so wait you decided to trust me she did
you're so sweet
you're making me regret it talking like
that
are you blushing dang it you caught me
you know kids wouldn't talk to adults
like that back in my day
i swear i'll never betray you
if i did these last 2000 years would be
for nothing
then let's set out for ceyron after we
get some rest
[Applause]
[Music]
kasane do you remember when i said i
wanted you to help me with a job
for payment of the rations that you
treated me to
yeah i'm going to cash that in now don't
worry the job will be worth your time
what are all these looks like empty
bottles
junk parts candy wrappers and they're
all mixed together
exactly i need you to sort them
why do you have so much i kind of got
lazy and didn't get around to cleaning
them up
oh yeah take care of this trash bag for
me too
don't throw it you got trash everywhere
again
[Music]
now what could this be you don't see
that many handwritten letters anymore
how interesting oh that
you can throw that out too but it's
unopened
let's see it's from major general fubuki
what if it's important are you sure you
don't want to check it
then he would have messaged me instead
of using this archaic method
if you're that curious be my guest and
read it
don't mind if i do you didn't even
hesitate
[Music]
so anything surprising
no basically he's filling you in on what
he's been up to
also he says not to drink too much soda
i thought so he sends me letters filled
with stuff that doesn't matter
i don't get it at all i would reply to a
message but a letter
just opening it is a pain if he's going
through the trouble of handwriting a
letter
don't you think it means there's
something special he's trying to get
across
if that's the case then you should
really cherish these
you never know what could happen to us
next
look it's not that i don't understand
what you're saying but
these letters have been piling up and
just finding a place to keep them is a
pain
[Music]
besides just getting the letter lets me
know that he's doing okay
so you can throw this in the trash
fabuki and i aren't like you sisters
you're awfully stubborn exactly
you're a perceptive one she's so very
different from me and naomi
especially how little she seems to care
about her brother
still are she
remember the major general fubuki you
saw in the future
yeah what about him you were angry
weren't you
i mean you saw it with your own eyes
you keep saying that you're not those
kinds of siblings
but it doesn't feel that way to me so
why
i mean of course i'd get mad if he died
i feel like human emotion is a strange
mechanism
really more importantly cassane
i don't see your hands sorting through
the trash
huh that was a good distraction but
you're not getting out of your work i
wasn't trying to get out of it
i'm not like you great
then good luck here i'll be busy
skipping out on my own work
have fun looks like she dodged my
question
hey kasane you free right now
i guess so what is it this time
you remember my promise from before
right a fun and exciting date with your
one and only daddy kagaro
you're not my father and i'm not
interested in a date
what you told me the last one was super
boring
you shattered my fragile heart into itty
bitty pieces
you're still bothered by that fine i'll
say it was fun
no no that's not what i mean i want to
make up for it
besides you know how i hid my past
i wanted to apologize for that so this
is like a second
chance coupled with an apology
the apology is fine but i don't know why
it has to be with a date
it's like my dream i guess just say yes
please let me show you a good time you
won't forget
so how was it the dining experience at
baki's cafe is supposed to be very
popular with high school girls
i think naomi and yuito would have
enjoyed it more but it was fun
no complaints here next up is dessert
i'll get you anything you want cake
parfait maybe
i'm fine with just tea i figured you'd
say that already got a cup
wait when did you oh you used your
invisibility power
that's an interesting use for it you
can't just reveal my secret like that
even if you know how it's done it's more
fun when you pretend you don't
like this i grew this flower from a seed
the flower symbolizes hidden kindness a
perfect match for you
so what do you think so far
well you seem to be following the
standard dating norms i read in
magazines
but they all have a nice kaguro twist
however something's bothering me you've
gone through a lot of effort just to
make up for lying
you're either really perceptive or
overly distrusting
but yeah i guess it's time i tell you
the truth is
i tried to assassinate you back in the
day so that's kind of
included in this apology assassinate
[Music]
from the looks of it you haven't
realized it at all
guess that means i still got it
fortunately i didn't have to go through
with it but i was waiting for the right
opportunity
like trying to be alone with you as the
one you were targeting
i believe i have a right to know why it
was to stop togetsu's plan
their plan hinged on your power so i
thought that killing you might be the
best option left for me
of course now that you've decided not to
support them i've got no reason to hurt
you
you can trust me on that well i don't
doubt that
but i'm still not satisfied
what really i guess this wouldn't be
enough to make up for trying to kill you
i could do something even
it's not that it's just killing someone
is it that easy for you to do i don't
understand how you could make that
decision so easily
even if it is to achieve your goal
there's no way i could do that i see
what you're saying
that makes sense i mean it's not like i
don't value life or anything like that
but yeah if i seem cynical about it it's
probably because i don't feel like i'm
very
alive i guess you could say i'm like a
ghost from the past existing in a time
when his family and everyone he knew is
long gone
your family you mentioned you left them
on the moon
yeah i had a wife and daughter my
daughter was
simply the cutest you'd be surprised she
was related to me
she didn't have a bad bone in her body
i loved her dearly and she meant so much
to me
but in the end i couldn't do anything
for her as a father
what's even more sad is that i've got no
idea what kind of person she grew up to
be
i mean really could i be a worse father
that's why at the very least i want to
protect the life she lived
i'll do whatever it takes even if it
means turning against my homeland
i might even kill if it comes down to it
how about we leave this off here i think
you've heard enough
all right
[Music]
so what did you think of daddy cogaro's
date
pretty awesome right yes
i would say it was worthwhile i think i
learned a little about who you are
ah you finally realized what a wonderful
charming person i am oh i'm such a
heartbreaker
although i still don't know how serious
you are because you always joke around
you know i don't really know either huh
just kidding sorry to make you help me
fulfill my dreams today
see you later i wonder what he meant by
that
i feel like i got to know him a little
better but trying to understand other
people isn't that easy
[Music]
boy you really are capable casane i'm
detecting some sarcasm
if i was being sarcastic i'd say it
sarcastically
i have a pretty good eye for people just
accept the compliment
you really are getting along well with
the guys in this platoon
my hat's off to you
[Music]
sorry to keep you waiting you said you
wanted to talk to me about something
oh kasani oh
what is it nothing
but you just look like you noticed
something did you see something with
your clairvoyance
[Music]
well i won't pry if it's uncomfortable
for you to share
um yes your left knee
my left knee you may not have noticed
but there's a bruise
you might have hit it during a fight oh
now that you mention it i did hit it in
my last fight
i think you should get that treated the
bone isn't hurt
but it might leave a mark good idea i'll
get it looked at when i get back to the
hideout
i'm surprised you noticed i had a
feeling you were subconsciously favoring
your left leg
when you were walking over here
i was worried so i couldn't help but use
my power
i'm sorry i'm really sorry
why are you apologizing i should be
thanking you for telling me about my
injury
because i violated your privacy by
looking under your clothes
it's not good to use my power without
permission like that
ah i see that's why you felt
uncomfortable telling me
i suppose that would be the general
consensus
some things are off limits i'm not a
child anymore
but i'm still doing the same stuff as
back then
did something happen when you were
younger
[Music]
yes i didn't realize back then that what
i can see
isn't something i necessarily should see
when i told people what i saw they would
get uncomfortable and
sometimes get scared of me i finally
realized that i shouldn't be doing
things like that
that looking underneath someone's
clothes or inside their home was bad
is it really so bad what
i mean nobody wants to have their
secrets revealed
you wouldn't like that would you to be
honest
that wouldn't really bother me really
yeah i don't have any secrets people can
look all they want
are you saying you can see inside
people's bodies too
yes it can be a little revolting if
you're not used to it
then not only can you see injuries you
can detect internal diseases early as
well
that means your power can save lives
it's fascinating
there really aren't many that can do
that i think it's a wonderful power
you are the first person other than
kagura to say that
that's surprising i thought the osf
would evaluate your effectiveness quite
highly
they tell me it's effective in battle
but my power hasn't often been noted for
its everyday uses
i've been mindful in trying to avoid
seeing things
or not talk about it if i do see
something
it's a strange feeling being told i can
look
it does take a weight off my shoulders
though
well that's good yes thanks kasani
thank you for finding my injury
by the way didn't you have something you
wanted to discuss
oh we can talk about that some other
time
really i still have time now it's okay
really i'll talk to you about it the
next time i see you
sure see you then
she seems to have a lot on her mind i
can't help but be a little concerned
next time i see her i need to make sure
we talk
[Music]
gamma i'm sorry to bother you about this
kasane it's fine
i wanted to talk to you too to apologize
why i'm the one who should say sorry
you don't have any reason to apologize
to me i just dumped all my feelings on
you without any regard for yours
if i'm being honest i still don't think
i completely understand how you feel
right now
however after everything i've
experienced lately
i think i can imagine it a little
did something happen you really felt
like you wanted to die
not me naomi she said that she didn't
want to live anymore
she didn't want to live as an other her
sanity being maintained with medicine
made of human brains
she said that i didn't understand her at
the time
i wanted her to live no matter what it
meant but now i partly understand where
she's coming from
that feeling that makes you want to run
away from life when things are so
incredibly hard and painful
if that's what you were feeling then i
realized i didn't have any right to
complain to you
thank you for understanding let me just
say it again
[Music]
i shouldn't have unloaded my feelings of
self-pity on you
i'm old enough to know better so i
brought you something as a token of
apology
[Music]
is that a packed lunch yeah they're all
from the recipes naomi gave me
i don't know if you're hungry or not but
maybe you'd be willing to give him a
taste
thank you i wanted to taste what her
recipes were like
this is stir-fried mackerel and green
peppers this is vegetable namal and
that's shredded meat
wow you really went all out
i'm still learning so i've burnt some of
them it may not look appetizing but it
should still be edible
i'll take this then not bad it does
remind me of my sister's cooking a
little
really yes it doesn't even come close to
the real thing though
i see but getting you to say that it
reminds you of it is still an
accomplishment
it's fairly good and a little familiar
it must have taken you a while to make
all of this
it wasn't a big deal cooking helps calm
me it's perfect for self-reflection
you think so yes
although i used to think it was a waste
of time i thought about what you said
while i cooked
which part i think i said a lot the last
time we talked
about how i wanted to roll over and die
and how that was selfish
it really hit me hard thinking how much
naomi wants to live in her original body
and about how much all my friends who
died in battle would have wanted to live
it made me realize that wasting whatever
life i have left was disrespecting their
memory
part of me thinks you're taking it a
little too seriously
but i'm glad i got through to you i
might be too serious
but i plan to live the rest of my life
to its fullest
how first thing is to get back to eating
healthy with naomi's recipes
i also want to reevaluate the way i
spend my weekends
maybe find a new hobby besides cooking
sounds like a good idea
and i'm sure your cooking will get
better with practice then i guess i'll
keep at it
would you mind tasting more of my food
sometime of course
thanks i still have trouble figuring out
what's good or bad since i've never been
concerned about how my cooking tasted
before
you seem like you're enjoying it i am
although it stresses me out while i'm
doing it
well maybe i enjoy that part too
he looks so alive maybe he started to
feel more positive about his life
i think we're all rested up yeah we
can't exactly take our time on this one
togetsu could have sent people after you
too be careful out there
i'll do what i can on my end to support
you
man haruka you're great i thought yuito
platoon's wadaroo was pretty good but
hey
you're not so bad yourself gotta hand it
to our twins for all their support right
love ya it would have been the perfect
compliment if you didn't mention my
brother
but thank you
do you have no shame what
aren't you ashamed that you just can't
pay anyone a compliment
if anyone should feel ashamed it's you
youka orishi let's go it seems like
kaguro and she didn't want to mess
around
well you heard her she didn't want to
mess around then
so what will it be a fistfight power
battle
a youngin like you won't best me
shut up don't make me part of your
antics
anyway if we're going to talk to sayron
where should we start
i suppose we should think about that
before we head there
yeah we don't have any connections with
the ceyron government
what about your influence with the press
are she
i'm good at using them to promote an
image but getting them to do what i want
when i want
is a different story moreover we're
talking about politics here
getting people to believe us is not
going to be an easy task
this is the type of information that
would be better spread among the people
as a rumor
than inform them once enough interest
builds
an impressive analysis from a former spy
i i know that's a compliment but i'm not
sure how i feel about it
hmm hey let's get back on topic
what about that official from before the
guy who asked us to assassinate yuito
hmm we had that disagreement over naomi
i doubt he'd be willing to hear us out
after that
karen might be able to get through to
the ceyron government
right major general karen it does seem
like he could
he left in a hurry when we last saw him
at the facility where they were keeping
naomi
i wonder where he is now
wait something is happening at the
supernatural life research facility
good thing we decided to monitor it
they're starting to transport the
other weapons transport
what do you mean their destination is
mizuhagawa
naomi is included what are they planning
on doing with her
probably nothing good considering all
the trouble they're going through
did they leave some kind of plan behind
they need some reason
to be doing this wait it's
mostly been redacted but i found one
oh they have the name of the person in
charge
no it can't be
tell us who it is already the one trying
to take the other weapons
it's major general fubuki
kabuki why
there was always a possibility that he
was somehow involved
considering the research facility is
operated by spring pharmaceuticals
i'm just wondering about major general
current and whether or not he's involved
because if he is i don't care about the
reason right now
we can ask them when we get there you're
absolutely right
but either way we still have to go
rescue naomi
yeah should be easy to talk if fabuki's
in charge
i can't imagine they have enough people
with the transfer power to carry all the
other
weapons at once even with the shuttling
they will have to take breaks between
transfers
we should still have time to make it we
should hurry before it's too late
i can see naomi and it looks like more
human-born others
so they can actually control others
that's kodama platoon are they
transporting them to suo
what do you want to do you want to try
contacting major general fubuki through
brain talk
we don't have time for that we're going
to get right in their faces
are she can i leave the negotiation with
the major general to you
i think that's best i should be the one
to do it
just be ready to fight if things go
south
i'm ready i think we all are
okay let's go
fubuki kodama what are you doing
[Music]
what are you doing here
what are you doing here more importantly
why did you side with karen it's left
sue on a mess
if you tell me the car and tricked all
of you i can talk to the higher ups in
new hamuka on your behalf
[Music]
thanks for the generous offer but we've
got some questions for you first
these others you're transporting do you
know what they are
of course i do they're weaponized
human-born others
so what exactly are you planning on
doing with them
i've received information that karen is
gathering people with powers in
mizuhagawa
according to my investigation he's
planning on joining forces with togetsu
taking with him technology he stole from
suo and seyron
i want to stop him i see
so you needed extra help in the fight
against karen and thought to use the
other weapons to get the upper hand
yes even he should be reluctant to
attack human-born others
if it should come to a fight as long as
we have these other weapons
arshi what are you
kodama did we just get duped
hold on why are there two kodamas take
this
miss hershey's hyper velocity is
annoying
looks like the cat's out of the bag is
she using duplication
no she's not and i don't sense anything
close to my power
she's real who in their right mind
freaking attacks their younger brother
with a chainsaw without hesitation
i didn't hesitate because there's no way
fabuki would use human-born others to
attack karen
not if she is among the others here he
would never consider using the other
weapons in an actual fight
maybe fabuki was only following
someone's orders after being subjected
to a personality rehabilitation
then it would have been my duty as his
sister to stop him at any cost
even if it means cutting him down what a
scary sister
i thought i did a pretty good job
great this is why it's a pain when
someone they're close to
shows up i don't care about your issues
who are you are you design children from
togetsu too
designed what now we're sewing kids born
and raised
i guess there's no sense in hiding it at
this point since you know there's two of
us already
i'm yuta maloney kodama's older twin
sister
i'd say nice to meet you but we've
already met each other a few times now
you're twins something felt off when
ceyron's transport team was attacked
it's because that kodama we saw was
actually utah
exactly wasn't my transformation power
amazing
normally i'd hate showing myself
but how could i not when it means
getting to see my hero kasane
what hero oh just remembering how you
crushed kodama like a bug
sends a shiver down my spine
cut that out you sound like a total
creep
instead of acting like you were there
you're always ordering me around from
behind the scenes
i like being valued by the new himuka
government but i'm the one who's always
getting stuck with the annoying work
stupid kodama stop blabbing everything
to them
so you're working for new himuka are you
planning on using naomi and the other
weapons for a war
oh wouldn't you like to know
unfortunately now that you learned our
secret we're going to have to kill you
sorry but this is the end of the road
for you
i'll never let you use naomi you're the
ones who are about to be ended
dang it they got us i'm still
throbbing from kasana's attacks not
another word i hate that we're related
we've got you now give up
i just got a good idea you said
naomi is in there seems like a good
opportunity to try out the other weapons
whoa yuta that's messed up
no don't it's show time
so they really do obey your commands
whoever came up with this
is sick in the head
naomi oh is this what they call overkill
i wanted to take kasane home with me and
make her my pet
naomi can you hear me it's me kasani
what what is this attack sewell
reinforcements
no it's to get to
it's a design children army damn it they
came after casane
core those guys they just straight up
ruined my plan
well i'm not getting caught in the
middle of this
it sucks to lose the other weapons but
hey
their survival didn't really matter to
the plan anyway
looks like they're after you guys have
fun now show them a good time for us
until we meet again kasane we'll be sure
to have
lots of fun together next time
they just teleported out i still had a
lot of questions for them
these guys really don't hold back their
tactics only work because they're using
disposable design children
i can't get through to any of them
they've shut off all the connections i
used in togetsu
guess they're not interested in talking
do we have an escape plan
i'm looking but i've got nothing there's
no way out of this unless you can
teleport out of there
what are you saying everything's okay
naomi i finally understand why i was
turned into this
other it was to protect you
what are you talking about i'll draw
them away
you can't take them on all alone even if
you are another
i'm not alone
everyone said they would help too
don't nail me you can't i'll find
another way out
i'm sorry you always had to take care of
me
let me be your big sister this one last
time
god
me
uh
everyone we need to get to safety she
would want us to survive
okay let's go
hey homie hey homie
looks like we made it naomi and the
others
naomi heal me naomi
wait
naomi
nail me
oh no naomi
you can't die i need you
hey when you become such a crybaby
hello kasani naomi
you're alive thank goodness
[Music]
you came back for me
even though it put you all in such
danger
i'm glad you're okay
i couldn't bear if something happened to
you
naomi your injuries
are you in pain
[Music]
no i don't feel them
they can't hurt me anymore
becoming this monstrous thing
using drugs made of human brains
if i wanted to keep being myself
it was so awful
i wanted to die
[Music]
but i'm glad i was alive today
i'm so glad
hold on naomi what are you saying
i was here to perform one
final act of humanity
oh they've made me this
[Music]
but they couldn't take my
my soul
thank you
[Music]
my sister
live a long life for both of
us
naomi you can't leave me
now
hey homie why
what where have you been
karen alice
i failed again
[Laughter]
[Music]
major general current i have to use this
again
[Music]
what are you talking about they killed
my sister
why did she have to die to protect me
why did this have to happen to her
silence we can use the red strings
karen are you eating her power
this happened before
i'll try again as many times as it takes
yuito where is he right now
[Music]
he's gone he must have teleported
did he just say yuito you're right
that was his brain eater he just copied
my red strings
yes but he didn't appear to use it
since major general karen is not a red
strings user like khasane
he might need some sort of condition to
activate the power
could that condition be yuito if we take
the connection between time travel and
the cunad gate into account
karen is trying to get his hands on the
power that opened the kunai gate
but why is he trying to travel through
time
alice was definitely one of those among
the others
is he intending to go back and who the
heck is
alice i don't care about what karin
wants
if he uses the red strings it might have
adverse effects on the cunad gate
don't try to push yourself his eater
power taxes your brain heavily
if that's true then what about yuito
didn't they say his brain was already
messed up or something
uh might not be able to withstand the
brain eater
all the more reason to stop karen we'll
need to contact him
yuito platoon is currently within
arahabaki's secure site and
isolated from the network arahabaki
really yes after what major general
karen said
i managed to get water to tell me
yuito's location
oh you might already know this but water
is my brother
he's yuito platoon's operator
he's concerned because he lost contact
with them too
he wasn't sure if his telepathy was
reaching them
okay thank you arahabaki is in suo
it looks like that's where we're going
great
not only togetsu but now we have major
general karen to add to the list of
people trying to mess with the red
strings
are you all right kasane
it sounds like yuito is in danger i know
you're worried about him too naomi
that's why i'm going to go save him it
still doesn't feel real to me
how could you be gone i'm sorry
i couldn't save you thank you
thank you for protecting me until the
very end
yes i'm fine let's go
something's not right where are all the
people
wait the national defense forces are
here
it looks like new himuka put yuito
platoon on the wanted list
that's why they've issued a state of
emergency
you can see there was a battle here look
over there
someone is on the ground the body
maybe they got caught up in the fight we
need to worry about ourselves
don't forget that we're also government
fugitives
that's true haruka can you show us a
safe route to arahabaki
my brother can let me patch him through
water here no time for hellos i'll get
straight to the point
i'm currently unable to get in contact
with uito platoon
let me help you so i can confirm their
safety i sent you a route to arahabaki's
secure site
the entrance is still open from when
they pass through the route is
classified information so
this is just between us okay
great job wataru let's head to arahabaki
what's going on we're all getting a
forced transmission
this is a video of chief sumeraghi
we were sent to earth our motherland in
order to reduce the human population on
the moon
not only that they created the
extinction belt
and sealed the colonists on earth
after much hardship yakima sumaragi
created new himuka
and came to a decision that someday
we would destroy the extinction belt and
attack the moon
we inherited yakumosumaragi's will
and we must exact our revenge on the
moon
revenge that's what yakuma wanted
yes it is our destiny to fulfill the
founding fathers wishes
it is that very reason new himuka exists
even if it's just a normal person's
brain with thousands
tens of thousands connected together
your brain functions will expand
exponentially by connecting so many
psionics
military strength will increase rapidly
connecting civilians to sas
ridiculous only psionics can enter that
kind of pain
whether or not they can endure it is of
no importance the only thing we need are
their brains
actually it would be best to eliminate
their pesky personalities
and personality rehabilitation
technology makes that easy
stop it people aren't a means to an
end and neither am i
is alive he is asleep
deep beneath sewell even now he is
waiting for his revenge
oh it looks like uito came through this
was our plan
to send out this video to every citizen
yaakomo sumaragi's wish he wasn't the
kind of man to seek vengeance at the
expense of the people
that's a disingenuous interpretation
so ceyron wants to keep the extinction
belt because if it disappeared
it would mean war with the moon this
could be bad
people are just going to panic now that
they know guys don't let the video
distract
you i'm getting other readings close by
how did they get so close to us get
ready everyone
it seems like there's some signal
interference
[Music]
an earthquake this far down
yuito are you okay that was tanabe
let's hurry
say something yuito anabi
what happened where's karen kasane
he attacked and captured everyone but
then yuito started screaming in pain
we were all hacked by arahabaki i think
something must have happened to uito
when we were dealing with that
afterwards karen activated some power
and disappeared
kasane do you have any idea about that
[Music]
what are we going to do we use the red
strings
i don't know what major general karin
did but it's clear that it had some
adverse effect on yuito's brain
but his brain is already he's exhibited
signs of speech and memory impairment
before but never to this extent
he went to the hospital but they said it
was only exhaustion
wait huey toe we're right here
no he can't hear us
then we'll brain talk directly to his
mind
yuito what is this
i can't get connected is there something
wrong with the system
i don't think so the brain talk system
allows thought communication after both
parties recognize
and grant each other access i can't be
certain
but ueto's consciousness may be starting
to disappear
so this could lead to severe memory loss
as much as i hate to say it yuito might
lose all his memories
then what will happen to yueto it could
be said that memories make up the person
if they're all lost it would be like
that person just disappeared
no that can't happen
then we'll just have to re-establish the
connections
reestablish what do you mean we can
digitize our memories and send them into
uito
it should be possible with the sas
that's crazy
there's no way that'll work no
actually it might personality
rehabilitation research has proposed a
theory for transplanting memories
okay tell me everything you know i'll
program whatever we need
wait you're going to do that right now
of course who do you think i am although
i can't say it won't be without
difficulties
i'll do what i can if it means saving
yuito we'll get over any difficulties
no hesitation not even for a second
that's what i like to see
very nice his brain might die if we
don't do something
we can't lose yuito especially if we
ever plan on taking care of the red
strings in the cunad gate
hanabi don't stop talking to him until
we're ready
external stimulation will be able to
delay memory loss to a certain extent
uh okay yuito hey yuito
okay the program's ready this should
work luca
i hope you're right already man you're
fast when you actually try
wait let me take a look at the program
too
dr pope's memory should help well isn't
that convenient
okay i'd be honored to have my work
checked by a great pioneer
this isn't enough a memory is first
formed when information is memorized
retained and then recalled of course how
could i forget
i see so that's how it works impressive
dr pope
we don't know yuito's brain framework we
need to choose the right memory region
to input new information or
whoa i gotta say i didn't imagine this
would actually come in handy
it's not exactly detailed but here's a
scan of yuito's brain
what why do you have something like that
you guys were connected to that data
terminal in togetsu right
they were secretly recording your
information then
so that's what that terminal was
intended to do
don't worry i realized what they were
doing and deleted the data
i mean i did keep a copy for myself
and again you didn't tell us well
thank you now we'll be able to set the
correct memory region
i used my clairvoyance to check these
designated coordinates
match with the abnormal region if that's
what sugumi saw it must be right
now we just have to run it
stay still damn it
[Music]
i'm no anesthesiologist but it got the
job done
this should make it easier drastic times
call for drastic measures
yama could you use your power to secure
yuito in place
i see to connect the sas cable
will this do perfect
okay everyone i'm connecting the sas
cable
[Music]
i'll run the program when it's connected
you guys just start thinking about
memories you have of a vuitto
all right
okay here goes nothing
[Applause]
uh
here we go
yuito
what's that no i need to stay
here we go
what is this
ugh
what's going on it looks like the
memories we sent yuito are reacting to
his vanishing memories
and that's what's subconsciously
triggering his power
so what does that even mean
it means we most likely succeeded
we did it but but he's not waking up
that's because she didn't knocked him
out go on and wake him up
okay i'm getting him up
what's wrong why aren't you waking up
she didn't did you make a mistake
impossible
i'm an expert on electricity i wouldn't
make a mistake
but irito's body it's getting colder by
the second
is he losing body heat if it keeps up
he'll go into hypothermic shock
no you're not dying today
anabi wait what are you doing are you
increasing your own body temperature
with your power
that's a lot of sweat stop
forcing your temperature up like that
your body won't be able to withstand it
it's okay i can handle it compared to
the pain and suffering he's been through
this is nothing come on yuito
please come back
yuito hey yuito
no please you need to
wake up
a hobby
ah huito
welcome back
kasani and everyone
why are you here
you're alive you're alive
honestly i'm fine
[Music]
are you okay do you have a headache or
feel nauseous
i think i'm fine what happened
do you remember being attacked by my
brother
yeah then arahabaki invaded my mind
and i was forced to use my power what
happened after that
so i could have lost everything
which means the memories i have now are
the connections you made for me
[Music]
thanks
your head really doesn't hurt is there
anything you can't remember
i have my memories and my body feels
fine
if you have your memories does that mean
you have old memories as well
even memories from before meeting us
what yeah i do
although it's kind of strange that i'd
have old memories if they all had to
come from you guys
so does that mean we were able to
restore the memories beyond our own
or is it simply luck that they weren't
erased
wait when we all connected through the
sas
it felt like there was a transmission
from an external server
were you storing your past memories on
one
no why would i do that what do you even
mean
i see and what was that
i have a feeling it was something to do
with yuito's restored old memories
it doesn't make sense that he has all
his old memories back if all we did was
give him ours
there is a lot to think about but i
believe it's time we leave
it's dangerous to stay here you're right
can you move yuito yeah
i'm okay kasane you're all coming too
yes we have no business with arahabaki
i'm glad you're okay now let's get out
of here
unverified information my ass you can't
trick us anymore
everyone please calm down do not leave
your domiciles without permission
the government was tricking us who's
going to believe you now
there's more confusion than i thought
people were already on edge after
ceyron's rebellion
their reaction is completely warranted
after being shown a video like that
i'm assuming you all saw the video as
well
yeah we did a lot of it was information
we learned in togetsu but it carried
more weight coming from the chief
we used our hibaki knowing this would
happen i don't regret anything i've done
but to live with what we did we need to
change new himuka
someone is coming an enemy
what i don't believe it
good finally i've been looking for you
major general fubuki i've been worried
about you
we haven't seen each other since the old
osf hospital
karen saved me at the last second next
thing i noticed
ceyron had taken me in seyron
i'm glad you're alive but it looks like
you're hurt are you okay
nothing to worry about more importantly
there's something i need to tell yuito
me togetsu has sent people after you
we managed to drive them off because we
noticed their movements early enough
but there could be more next time i want
you to be careful
wait the whole togetsu detachment
you took them out by yourself i just
talked
it was the sauron forces that did the
actual fighting
you got ceyron to take action you act
like that's not
even a big deal just how in the world
did you manage to even do that
i was afraid they'd not only be after
casane but yuito as well
anyway we're finally together again i'm
sure we all have a lot to discuss so why
don't we go back to the hideout
are you even in any condition to walk
you look pretty haggard
perhaps i'm a little sleep deprived the
rest is not exactly an option right now
we should get somewhere safe and
major general are you okay
don't cause a scene or you'll gather
attention
we should all go back to my hideout to
give major general fubuki some much
needed rest
thanks for having us wow so this is your
guys hideout
is it the same type of unit we use the
make looks identical
how is the major general i gave him
first aid
the sedative seems to have worked so he
is resting
looks like he overused his power you
could see the exhaustion in his face
we should let him rest don't worry he's
not in any real danger
he's a lot tougher than he looks
that's good i guess we need to wait to
talk to him
so are you guys okay sharing this
hideout with everyone
it's going to be a little crowded that
would be convenient
we should sort our belongings then
cogaro what are you going to do about
yuito
i think it's probably best we decide on
something
oh you're going to bring that up i guess
that makes sense
i promise you i'm giving it some thought
just give me a little more time
hmm you really are cool kasani
cool you were a bit standoffish in the
past
but you always just slice through those
others i wish i could do that
it's not really like me to say this but
i can't help but admire you
i think i'm starting to understand you
better what a coincidence
hey back when you were a cadet
you didn't really talk to anyone besides
naomi that's true
it's because i didn't find it necessary
i see
but when i think about those times i'm
really glad that you talked to me like
this now
because it means that you find it
necessary now
it'll push me harder to become someone
you can really rely on
hanabi about before i said some
insensitive things
it's okay i'm sorry i just left like
that
i've been thinking since then i finally
understand why you care about yuito so
much
so i want to help make your dream come
true what
what do you mean i mean you like yuito
whoa whoa let's talk outside okay
huh sure i don't mind where we talk
[Music]
listen you're mistaken i don't like
yuito like that
if you don't like him do you hate him
i i don't hate him i just don't like him
as a man
don't say things like that i didn't mean
anything by it
i also looked into some objective data
just in case
objective data for example
the temperature of your flames is 10
percent hotter when you fight alongside
yueito
no way also you're gays during missions
outside of battle with others you look
at him 80 of the time
oh okay that's enough
i admit it so you're saying you do like
him
yeah i see don't worry i won't tell
anyone
i want to help you thanks
honestly i thought you liked yueito too
at first
you guessed wrong the one who liked him
wasn't me
it was my sister naomi
yes you look just like her when you talk
about him
that's how i realized oh
if you like him you should tell him huh
what are you talking about you don't
know what could happen if you wait
i want you to tell him how you feel for
naomi
oh but i just can't why are you in such
a hurry
we're osf if you don't tell him well you
can
you may never get a chance cassani
i understand that you're serious about
this but i can't say it yet
why because i don't think i'm good
enough for him yet
not as an osf soldier or as a person
you said it before it's immature to
depend on people
i said that because i didn't know you
liked him
no you were right you nailed it
that's why i got angry you and yuito
both have your goals and ideals
but i've just been following him i'm a
member of the osf
but i've never considered what it is i
fight for
i can't stay like this i need to grow up
and get strong enough to stand on my own
[Music]
what's important is that i become the
kind of person who doesn't just depend
on people
but can protect and support them when
they need it
oh okay i can understand that
i thought the same thing about naomi
i won't force you to tell him but i'm
rooting for you
thanks that makes me feel better
friends really are important you're
welcome
it's rare for me to talk about a
friend's love life
that seems pretty normal to me is
something funny
nothing's funny i just think it's very
interesting
it sounds like you think it's funny
[Music]
i can't help myself from charging
forward in battle
i know how much you're covering for me
and my reckless tendencies
it's fine sometimes it makes it easier
to fight when you're out in front like
that
well i guess that's nice to know
i'll just have to be careful that i
don't overdo it from now on
[Music]
kagaro can we talk oh sorry can it wait
till later
i was about to go work out in the gym
okay that's fine sorry to turn down your
invitation
i have to work hard every day to be this
awesome so i can't afford to skip didn't
know he worked out
i suppose i could do with a little
working out too
what nobody's here does that mean he
pretended to come here and then turned
invisible
that's strange haruka
you have a second i don't see kaguro do
you know where he went
what you can't see him did he
do you have an idea where he is kaguro
behaves himself in front of girls
but when it's a group of guys he gets
really inappropriate
he was talking with my brother about
some perverted situations
involving his invisibility and i was
mortified something about being able to
peep in the shower room while invisible
that's disgusting well i don't think he
was serious and i doubt he'd do that in
the hideout
i'll go check his gps location
huh these coordinates are outside the
hideout
he left the compound and is on the move
it looks like he's heading towards
mizuhagawa
why is he going there i don't know maybe
taking a walk
hmm i should go check it out okay
be careful
according to haruka kaguro should be
around here
there he is it doesn't look like
anything's wrong
maybe she was right and he's just taking
a walk
hey now am i really that untrustworthy
i guess i am you noticed i was here
i didn't follow you because i was
suspicious i was just a little worried
either way you're right not to trust me
considering everything i've done until
now
so why did you lie to come here uh i was
feeling a bit bored sometimes i just
want to be alone for a little while
and this was just one of those times
i'm fine really you don't look fine
at the very least you're not like your
usual self
is something wrong
hey why do you go on living
where did that come from i don't
understand the question
your beloved sister naomi died right
i'm asking you how you can still go on
living what's your motivation
it's already been 2 000 years 2
000 years that i've lived in a world
without my daughter
can you imagine what that's even like
i'm just
empty i've lived this long to protect my
daughter's existence
but once i do that i don't have a reason
to live
when i looked up at that moon i'd feel
hate
nostalgia all sorts of things
but now i feel nothing
it's like i'm already half dead
i guess that's what it means to lose the
people we love
is it different for you i'm not empty
i'm only alive now because my sister
protected me
that's why i can't let my life go to
waste i have to live on
for her because i lost my sister
i have to live to make sure that tragedy
never happens again
young people can be so positive
you're an old man who's lived for two
thousand years if you've got time to
feel sorry for yourself
why don't you do something meaningful if
you feel like your life is empty
then use the time you have to think
about how to fill it
don't call me an old man kids these days
are so harsh
did you really need to say all that
this is all just a joke to you don't put
it like that
this is my style feel the emptiness you
know
you know getting left behind by time
really sucks
it's a lot harder than you can imagine i
came all the way out here because i
didn't want you to see me down like this
i'm so lame yes
very lame your daughter would think so
too
now that's really depressing fine
it's time to bust out the super cool
kaguro to win back you and my daughter
i'm looking forward to it
there's a rumor lately that i've been
using my power to spy on people
i would never do that you know i mean i
can't say i haven't thought about it
do i look desperate enough to spy on
people it's because you're always so
thoughtless
but i know you're not like that oh
thanks that's my casane
i like that you're always so cool-headed
[Music]
hey you free now yes what is it
there's something i want to ask you come
with me
why did you bring me all the way here
because nobody will ever hear us look at
this
that's the analysis from a recent fight
don't worry about the details i want you
to look at the other kill rate
your numbers have been improving lately
you must be seeing results from your
training
yeah but you're doing even better than
me
not by much it's all within the margin
of error
listen that small difference you're
talking about is something i've never
been able to make up for
it doesn't make sense to me that no
matter how hard i study and work
i still can't beat you it's time i
swallow my pride and ask you
what kind of secret training are you
doing
secret training i'm not doing anything
like that
no there has to be some sort of secret
strategy you're using
i told you i'm not doing anything like
that
if you watch me you can see that i'm not
doing anything special
are you saying that this is just a
difference in our natural abilities
how if that's true then it doesn't
matter what i do
i'll never be able to catch up to you i
don't really understand
is there a reason you need to catch up
to me i should just be some baggage the
rest of my life
i don't think so i hate to admit it
but everyone in this platoon are top
talents even kaguro i'm the only one
that's different
i'm nothing compared to the rest of you
i have to work myself to the bone if i'm
even gonna keep up
and it's paying off i don't see you as
baggage
even after looking at the data no matter
how hard i train
this is the reality if this is my limit
then i can't stay in this platoon
she den what should i do once i catch up
to him i don't know how to tell him how
i feel
kasane she didn't just rushed out of
here
yes i'm sorry it seems like i've upset
him again
you don't need to apologize i know you
must have tried communicating with him
you two have such different upbringings
and perspectives
you have to assume you'll have
disagreements
that means he'll never understand where
i'm coming from
right what do you want him to do what do
you mean
i want him to continue fighting with us
as a team have you ever tried telling
him
why don't you catch up to him and say
just that i have a feeling he might get
angry again
but i haven't thought of a better way to
reach out to him
okay i'll go after him do you have any
idea where he might have gone
shiden is heading towards seyron
haruka how do you know his location
i'm the team's operator he just rushed
out of the hideout so
i figured you two got into another fight
good call
that's exactly what happened thank you
for telling me
good luck i hope it goes well
there you are kasane
why did you come after me get lost
where are you going
i understand that you're troubled i can
see how discouraging it is to work hard
and not see results
but running away just because you
couldn't become stronger than someone
that's not the kind of person you are
you just overestimated me this is what
i'm really like
i'm not even that good but my pride
makes me constantly worry about everyone
around me
i put on a facade because i'm scared i'm
inferior to everyone else
don't take this the wrong way but why
are you so obsessed with being better
than everyone
how useful an individual is depends on
circumstances
[Music]
have you ever been unable to control
your own abilities
you mean my power yeah
when i was young i caused an accident
because of it
nobody got hurt but i was just lucky
the next time it happens someone might
get hurt
worst case scenario people might even
die i put on these insulation gloves and
trained hard to control my power
but i can't get rid of that nagging
feeling
even back when i was still a kid i've
never been able to overcome my own
weakness
so you feel inadequate
i've never found you lacking our platoon
needs your composure analytic skills and
judgment
please come back to us i want to keep
fighting alongside you
others there was no forecast
sometimes the forecasts are wrong look
there are still citizens inside who
weren't able to evacuate in time
let's go we have to save them
yeah haruka send us the others location
that's right near my home what
you didn't know either haruka is there a
suppression force heading there now
there's a patrol in the area they should
prioritize evacuating the nearby
civilians my family should have already
evacuated by now
we should head to where they appeared
you must be worried about your family
i don't need your concern a member of
the osf should prioritize saving the
citizens over their own family
you can drop the act if you lose them
without doing anything
you'll regret it for the rest of your
life
okay i'll go yes let's hurry
wait you're coming with me obviously
hurry up or i'm leaving you behind
hey why are you taking the lead
what's going on how are there's still
this many others
the reports were wrong there aren't even
suppression forces
let's go help wait will we be able to
hold back that many others
shouldn't we wait for reinforcements if
we don't act now
they'll start attacking people we have
to slow them down here
against this many that's suicide
who else is going to save them this
isn't a question about if we can do it
we have to damn it
i know that captain settle would say the
same thing
there's no guarantee the civilians will
be able to get away before the
reinforcements arrive
my parents might so we're the only ones
who can stop them here
captain settle give me strength
let's go you better pull your own weight
right back at you let's do this
that's all of them are you all right
of course i'm all right who do you think
i am
i was careful not to let any of them get
away i'm pretty sure we managed to stop
them all here
harika this is shiden we exterminated
the others that appeared at our current
location
are there any more sightings i was just
about to contact you
we've confirmed that all others in
seyron have been exterminated
you two really pulled off quite the feat
good job
there's a rescue team headed your way
all the civilians have been accounted
for at the evacuation site
zero casualties that's good news shiden
thank goodness why don't you go see your
family
no i just needed to know they're okay
then let's head back to the hideout
sorry you did well out there and made
some good calls
you really pulled your weight enough
with the flattery
i was too busy fighting to think about
anything else
that just shows how much you were able
to focus neither of us had the time to
think about anything
i guess so but this wasn't an official
deployment
there won't be any data to evaluate
does that upset you no i feel
accomplished
i don't even regret putting on captain
seto's mask
if that's how you feel then that's worth
more than any analysis data
you're right this is the first time i've
ever felt that there's more to an
encounter than stats
i think i'll stay on the team for a
little while longer
you can stay as long as you want
it's only as long as i feel i have
something to gain
this platoon isn't as bad as i thought
i'm glad to hear you say that thanks
i'm not saying you're suited to be a
leader or anything
as much as i hate to admit it there's no
one else that could do it
you're babbling so much i can't follow
what's your point i
i mean you're doing a good job for now
at least
kasane you're kind of like a lone wolf
you mean that i'm isolated no not like
that
sorry maybe that was a bad choice of
words
i meant that you can take care of
yourself i really think that's amazing
[Music]
oh kasani perfect there's something i
wanted to talk to you about
what is it i just wanted to say thank
you
i owe you my life you owe me your life
i don't know what you mean oh you know
at arhabaki
you saved me when i almost lost my
memory
oh actually it wasn't just me that saved
you
it was hanabi and all of us i'm grateful
to everyone
but the only reason everyone was there
in the first place was because you
brought them
if even one of them hadn't been my
memory might not be complete
so i appreciate your help thank you
it's a bit of an exaggeration but i
suppose i should humor him a bit
alright i accept your thanks
yeah it means a lot you know
it's kind of weird just talking normally
like this
talking normally is weird i mean
we were enemies for a while and now
we're fighting together
life sure is full of strange unexpected
things
sometimes i think that the fact that two
people exist with the same power
in the same time at the same place might
mean its fate
you can go ahead and interpret it
however you want but i don't believe in
fate
[Laughter]
that's the casane i know i guess it is
kind of an exaggeration
well i would say it's more logical than
an exaggeration we're only here because
we chose to be
whenever i hear the word fate it just
sounds like something given to us
oh that's not really what i meant but i
see how it could sound like that
when i think of fate i think of
something from a past life
or like there's a strange power at work
but yeah i just don't feel like i
entirely chose this
what do you mean fate does seem like
something being forced on us
but we meet and part with so many people
all the time
all of that put together makes me who i
am now
like my ability to choose is thanks to
everyone
if that's what you mean i feel the same
if i were by myself i wouldn't have been
able to choose this path
he has a good point i'll give him that
it's true that i'm here thanks to my
sister
oh right i haven't told you yet
it's about nagi he's dead
what noggy you mean that noggy
what happened he was subjected to the
government's personality rehabilitation
and well he attacked me when he was
ordered to take my brain
i thought there was something i could do
for him a way to bring him back
but i was too late i couldn't save him
i can't even imagine how hard that must
have been for you
and nagi she
he was a good guy a really good guy
he didn't deserve that fate he got roped
into the government's conspiracy just
because he knew me
even if he weren't friends with you i'd
imagine nagi would still find himself
involved if he joined the osf
but if he hadn't become friends with me
then the chance of this happening would
have been much lower
it's my fault he lost his life
nagi was his own person he made his own
choices in life
he wasn't an extra in yours
[Music]
even if his life came to a painful end i
think it's arrogant to say it was only
because of you
also i don't know how he truly felt
but i'm guessing he wouldn't want his
friendship with you denied
yeah i wouldn't want to go through life
not being friends with him either
that's why i wanted to save him it's
hard when someone dies
since i've joined osf i've lost so many
people
it's shocking at first but it really
starts to sink in later
i'll never get to see or talk to them
again before
i could always just use brain talk to
see and talk to them whenever i wanted
even so the time you spent together
wasn't for nothing
you can remember them whenever you want
we can't let it be for nothing
you said so yourself the people we meet
and the relationships we build
that's what makes us who we are you're
right
i guess we just have to keep on living
embracing the memories of those who've
passed
i'm really glad i didn't lose my memory
thanks again
i'm glad we talked i feel better too
we should have another talk like this
soon we're back on the same team again
as long as it has some meaning sure i
don't really like small talk
that's fair enough looks like you're
still you
i sure i'm glad we're working together
again yes
me too he seems to have matured in some
ways
and there's been so much going on lately
for both him
and me
i have a long way to go it's painfully
obvious when i fight alongside you
i don't think we're that different that
actually might be true
but there's a whole lot i need to learn
you helped me see some parts of myself
i couldn't see on my own in any case
you really motivate me to get better
how are you doing cassani what do you
mean
could you be more specific like
physically
no never mind it's not a big deal
i think i understood do you remember the
other day when i asked you how you were
doing
yes what was that about i'm sorry for
the strange question
i just didn't know what to say to a
young person i only wanted to know how
you were doing if everything's okay then
that's good
[Music]
oh what are you so startled about
nothing i didn't think i would be able
to talk to you
i'm sorry for being startled but
i was just so happy to be noticed
you're really strong i think you're
pretty strong too
i don't mean in battle i mean mentally
nothing ever gets to you i always get
overwhelmed by
everything outside of battle that's why
i want to learn from you
everyone major general fabuki is up
seems like he's all fine
says he's ready to talk
i see i get the basic idea
the expansion of the cunad gate and
togetsu's schemes
you did a good job gathering all this
information
what we need to focus on now is stopping
togetsu's plans
if we let them be they'll just send
someone else after us
and then civilians could end up getting
hurt do you have any idea how to stop
them
well i do have one idea
what if we were to shut down babe
togetsu's control computer
the red strings research execution of
the plan
that's all babe so you're saying if we
can shut babe down
that will stop togetsu's plans
all right you're the ones best suited to
make a decision with the information we
have
so i'll follow your lead i'll leave
togetsu to you
but if there's anything i can do let me
know
could you act as a go-between for the
new himuka government and the saeran
provisional government for us
the new himuka government is in a state
of confusion
resolving that could restrict togetsu's
movements
so you want me to get the governments to
agree to a ceasefire
if you can fan the underlying insecurity
and suspicions the politicians have for
togetsu well enough
they'll definitely say yes right i'll
give it a shot
i'm not a politician though so i don't
know if they'll listen to me
i'll use my influence as a regiment
commander the best i can
i'll get ready for negotiations right
away kabuki
don't get yourself into trouble you two
sis
take care of them
[Music]
i think we're safe leaving suo and
seiran to major
so we're infiltrating togetsu what's our
battle plan
kaguro and kyoka have useful information
on the area we should use it to make a
plan
oh sorry do you mind if i leave that to
you major
yuito i want to talk to you before you
go to togetsu
okay what is it you don't know
hey how about we go somewhere else um
let's see i'll wait for you in kikuchiba
come when you have the time
kagura sorry i'll be right back
i'll leave the strategizing to you hey
yuito hanabi wait
tsugumi everyone there's something i
have to tell you
you're too cassani this is about kagero
right
we should listen
[Music]
no kaguro killed uito's dad
i don't want to believe it there is much
i want to say
but perhaps we should follow him i worry
about leaving them alone
that's why i told all of you we should
go to kikuchiba too
you're an intriguing person kasane i
apologize if that sounds strange
i meant it as praise it didn't bother me
i'm glad that practicality may be your
greatest merit
yuito kaguro
did we interrupt you kagero
let me see your wounds i'll try to fix
you up
thanks tsukumi
did everyone hear that about my father
yeah kasani told us are you all right
i guess so for now
please tell me what happened to him
right where to begin
cogaro this is just a conjecture on my
part
but wasn't it orders from togetsu it was
indeed
i'm an assassin sent on a mission from
togetsu to infiltrate
suo i see so you weren't hired by the
ceyron government
it seems chairman sumaragi was more
distrustful of togetsu than the former
chairman
they considered him a threat so you
assassinated him for togetsu
if i wanted to crush togetsu's plans
babe's
plans i couldn't be seen as a
troublemaker
so it was self-defense had i done a
little better though
i could have fooled them and gotten by
not having to assassinate anyone
look i'm really sorry about chairman
sumaragi
if you tell me to face the consequences
i will
but first i want to finish dealing with
togetsu
i know that's asking a lot but please
who is the she you mentioned is she the
reason
i suppose i have to tell you i have a
family i left on the moon
a wife and a daughter i first met my
wife when we were getting ready to
emigrate to earth and had our daughter
if immigration no longer happens my
daughter no longer exists
i won't let that happen that's why i
have to do everything i can
to stop them from using the red strings
it was all to protect your daughter
this was two thousand years ago she's
been dead a long time so i'm sure you
think it all
sounds silly
[Music]
but i don't want my family my daughter's
existence to be erased
if your family is so important to you
why did you leave them on the moon
you could have just brought them to
earth with you i could have if i was a
normal colonist but that wasn't the case
i was an agent placed among the
colonists
my job was to make the redevelopment of
earth fail
why the moon spent a thousand years
fixing the earth's environment to
sabotage it when it was almost
finished did things change on the moon
if my memory serves me correctly i heard
that something flew in from outer space
you don't know it's kind of a long story
but i'll tell you what happened
two thousand years ago it was when
yakumo sumaragi and the colonists
immigrated to earth
a comet passed close by the moon the
comet left behind the unknown substance
called
other particles in space gravity then
began pulling those particles down to
earth and the moon
earth was still mostly unpopulated so
the effects were unknown
but the moon began to have cases of
people turning into monsters
monsters do you mean
yes metamorphosis
if a living creature comes into contact
with the other particles
they change into aberrations into
others at the time the redevelopment of
earth had moved to the final step of
gravity control
if that were sabotaged we could stop the
other particles falling to the moon
basically that was the moon faction's
plan and i was an agent who had been
given secret orders to carry it out
yakima sumaragi and the rest of the
colonists were already on earth
you were just gonna leave them to die
it's terrible
i know but people like yakumo resisted
the moon's wishes
and the plan ended in failure so the
moon
put plan b into action they pushed the
other particles toward earth
surrounding it and making it so we
couldn't return home
other particles surrounding earth the
extinction belt
i think it's safe to say that the moon
space technology is far ahead of ours
the moon was overpopulated at the time
and i heard most of the people went to
earth
it was probably a plan to reduce the
population
i was cut off from the moon so staying
on earth was the only option
i don't know what happened on the moon
after that
[Music]
the metamorphosis might have spread more
people like my sister
even so i believed that my family was
safe
and joined togetsu so i could return to
the moon
i went in and out of cold sleep many
times
trading off with comrades as we searched
for a way to break through the
extinction belt
but after several awakenings i realized
togetsu had changed their plans
there was just no way i could allow them
to reset history
that's why becoming a traitor was the
path i chose
i understand my father
wasn't perfect he would often make
mistakes
especially when it came to how he led
the government but he was family
the only father i had i just can't
forgive you for killing him
but it's because of that i understand
your desire to protect your family
so let's stop togetsu together i will
always resent you but i think i can
stand up to them with you
are you sure yeah i'm sure
i might have done something distasteful
to further my goal if i had taken a
wrong turn somewhere as well
so i think i understand a little bit of
your actions
you know you're much more mature than i
am or
maybe i'm just too immature i guess in
the end i made you decide after all
so lame let me help you stop togetsu
[Music]
are you finished kassani
i cost you so much trouble i'm sorry
stop acting so meek all of a sudden it's
weird
cassani i thought you were the one who
killed my father
i'm sorry i doubted you it's just as
much my fault for not saying anything
when i wanted to kill you i thought that
having you hate me would keep me focused
on the task
i guess that makes sense so you don't
have to apologize
yeah okay that's enough talk for now
then
i'm sure you all have your own questions
even i don't understand what's going on
but we have to work together and focus
on what needs to be done
if that is your decision i don't think
we have anything else left to say
all right so our main mission is to go
to togetsu as soon as we can
and stop babe what do you think of using
my
power to make everyone invisible in
order to infiltrate it
we should probably assume that kaguro
and i are both known traders by now
we don't have time to dwell on it it's
dangerous
but i believe kagero's plan has
potential
togetsu probably doesn't expect an
attack from such a small force
let's consider it a sneak attack okay
let's do it first we'll climb hiano
mountain and get close to togetsu
we're almost to togetsu kagero are you
ready
an earthquake is shaking
it's similar to the big earthquake at
cunad highway
i think it's over is everyone okay
the kunai gate just briefly put out some
strange numbers
an earthquake type shaking was felt all
across new him
it wasn't too severe so there shouldn't
be too much damage
we're fine here there was no significant
damage
to hino mountain it must have been
caused by the cunard gate
hey togetsu is doing all kinds of
research on it too
right yes while we're stopping babe
we should dig up as much useful
information as we can
uito how's your head do you feel
anything weird about your power
any abnormalities huh
no not really my head hasn't hurt at all
since everyone gave me my memory back
why that's good then
when we were fighting i felt how can i
describe it
it was like your power was spilling over
you might have just been excited does
that kind of thing happen to you
it is true that powers are affected by
emotions
however if that was not the case
there is a theory that it is a sign of
decaying mental abilities
apparently when abilities are about to
disappear they become strangely more
powerful
[Music]
so you're saying my powers are going to
go away
apparently it's been observed in rare
cases along with the aging of the brain
it shouldn't be happening to you now
yes that's true however his brain has
suffered quite a bit
of damage i also used to be a dud
so it might be different from a normal
human brain too
[Music]
what you were a dud
oh right i didn't tell you guys yet
[Music]
you became a psionic from an experiment
when you were a kid
i can't believe you were a dud do you
know how long my power will last
will it disappear today or tomorrow
it's not that sudden but there haven't
been many cases
so i can't say for sure we're not sure
that's what it is anyway this is all
just an assumption
i know that if it's not going to be
sudden i won't think about it for now
[Music]
sorry for adding to your worries don't
get too caught up about it
it's okay i didn't realize it myself so
i'm glad you said something
okay anyway
we should start watching our
surroundings we are near togetsu
time to turn invisible you ready
yes we'll go right in
it's tough to keep this up with this
many people
there's not much security inside just
like we thought
all right we'll go straight to babe
look out damn
here they come together
looks like they were expecting us we
have to break through
how we're surrounded
figure something out if we run now there
will be even more security next time
i'll use teleportation not with this
many people
we don't know the layout inside babe
i know the location and we have to take
our chances
kasana is right we may not have another
opportunity
if we get close to babe they'll have to
take precautions
so why don't we just take the risk
i trust you let's get this done
luca do it here we go
this is the entrance to babe
good it worked nice one luca
maybe you should rest a little no
i appreciate the concern but i don't
think we have that kind of time
huh others
why hey haruka
wataroo damn cynette has been cut off
i don't know why there are others here
but we're better off than before
yeah there's not too many let's take
them out
[Music]
i sense no others around us
this is bad i never thought they'd toss
a bunch of others around inside the babe
building
you didn't know wait what do you mean
toss
do you mean they caught others and
brought them here or maybe they know how
to metamorphose like sueo
[Music]
possesses the other particles they used
them to make others
this is the first time i've seen them
used like this though
the others were born here by placing
live creatures in contact with the other
particles
should we keep going this way if we want
to shut down babe
i don't have the blueprints to the
building though it looks like the
command center is as far inside as you
can go
the terminal that tried to take control
of uito only connects to the superficial
information on babe
all right let's just keep going
[Music]
what is this place
another one i think that was bigger than
last time
do you think the cunad gate is expanding
we don't have time for chit-chat
we need to keep moving wait a moment
that voice please listen to me
[Music]
mother huh what
huh that's your mother
right yuito what is she doing here
and kasani what did you just say
this is a vision created by babe what an
underhanded trick
makana was a precious person
she was a successful design children
model
and she had the power of the red strings
my mother was one of them and she is
took care of kasane when she was little
i heard she fled from togetsu after an
incident
i thought those togetsu bastards killed
mother
that's what i remember anyway so
yuito's mom ran away from togetsu and
then met his dad in suo
chairman sumaragi may have provided
refuge to her
once he found out she was connected to
togetsu
[Music]
you must know this world is in danger of
destruction
at the hands of the kunan gate it is not
only togetsu
there are many people living in suo and
all over new him to save all of the
people who are important to you
i must have your help
[Music]
will be cured
do you remember that puppy that little
dog was your friend
if nothing is done everyone will die
all your friends in the world will die
just like your puppy
will you both help me connect
your minds and become one with me use
the red strings to save the world
don't use my mom for your dirty schemes
mother wouldn't say things like that
you're not fooling anyone
is that the best a machine can come up
with you've really underestimated these
two
a foolish decision the brain of the
wakana that you love
has already been processed and made a
part of me
what did you say oh
human brains being used as organic parts
for babe
so then that means my mom wasn't
attacked by others after all
it was you babe no togetsu
stole my mother's brain all of it
was to save the world what do you mean
save
you're only saving yourselves you can't
sway me with visions of mother
you don't want us to get any further
i won't let you use my mom anymore
i will stop babe
what run
i'm glad everyone's all right
what is this place something feels
different
[Music]
what the floors again
this is bad everyone run
tsugumi is there a place we can teleport
to
this is the only path wait
another is coming it's big
ah
go
at this rate the exit will be sealed
huge
you're on right
we may have fallen but at least it
wasn't to our deaths
so this is the real babe that's right
we should be able to access all of babe
from here and shut it down as well
oh it looks like something's already
processing
what's going on babe is implementing
emergency procedures
could it be because we made it this far
[Music]
huh i felt something just now
it felt like the red strings
[Music]
what's going on arishi i can't believe
it
it's totally empty huh what do you mean
empty
i meant just what i said all the data
has been erased without a single trace
it feels vindictive so you mean babe
shut down of its own accord
i like your wishful thinking but
something just doesn't seem right
regardless it doesn't look like babe can
do anything anymore
so is it safe to say we've managed to
stop togetsu's plan
i'd be lying if i said i was completely
free of doubt
but at least at this point it's clear
that this computer is useless
the connection is restored hey are you
guys okay
oh it's wateru the network blocker must
be gone
that must mean babe really is shut down
you shut down babe fantastic
another earthquake i feel
like it keeps getting stronger
water who that quake yeah
another anomaly was observed at the
kunai gate and they're becoming more
frequent
i'm glad we stopped togetsu's plan but i
don't like that we lost all the research
data
there could have been information on the
kunan gate
hey kaguro kyoka is the research data
saved somewhere else or
do you know someone who knows about it
it's very unlikely
the research of red strings spans over
hundreds of years
it's a power filled with mystery to
begin with there probably isn't a single
person who understands the whole thing
so we have no leads guys
there is someone she's involved with
togetsu and is knowledgeable about the
red strings
who wakana
she fostered kasane who has the power of
red strings
she must have had enough knowledge to be
able to raise kasane to control it
what are you saying yuito's mom is dead
so we should go ask her directly
directly
you can't be serious by using the red
strings
yes we don't seem to have any other
options
even still i'm worried it may
damage yuito's brain let's do it
if we don't do anything the kunan gate
will just keep expanding and bring the
end of the world that much closer
[Music]
i want to do everything i can even if it
doesn't work
let's use the red strings and we'll do
everything in our power to help
so what exactly are you going to do
if we're going to make this work we need
to keep strong emotions in check
let's go to the cunad gate i've jumped
from there before so i think it'll be
easier to remember the feeling
you want to recreate what happened when
the gate opened
all right let's head there
the count gate has it always been that
big
it's definitely expanding but it's still
smaller than what it will be in 50 years
this place brings back a lot of memories
the red strings i think there's a good
chance this is going to work
okay i hope i know what it feels like
we'll give you sas support we should be
able to boost your powers if we link our
brains together
there's no telling what kind of dangers
there will be
so it would be best to come back to the
present as soon as possible
in order for you to have the greatest
chance of success
you need to have an exact time and place
to jump to meet wakana
october 4th 2009 the old osf hospital in
lokocho city
if we go there i know we'll see my mom
that was the day she died i was in the
hospital then so it's definite
the others attacked loku show city that
day so the hospital moved to its new
location in suo
all right i don't know if it'll work but
let's try envisioning that place and
time in our minds
are all 10 of us going a group that big
will stand out in a hospital
about that like my teleportation ability
i imagine it will be too stressful on
the brain to move that many people at
once
so should we narrow down the amount of
people that are going
kasana this may be difficult to hear
but i believe you jumping alone would
have the lowest risk
luca regardless
those without the power of the red
strings will be pulled back after a set
time has passed
if we were to go with you it would
needlessly increase the strain on you
and kasane
then i'm going to i can't let cassane go
by herself
no i agree with luca though for a
different reason
yuito if you meet your younger self then
there's no telling what might happen
it may just be a theory but i think it's
a risk we can easily avoid in this
attempt
but if i make sure i don't see myself
no i guess we can't be sure but kasani
going by herself
i won't be alone everyone will be
supporting me through the sas
and since you have the same power if you
stay here
you can act as a marker for me to return
to the present
that's what i think at least so i'm like
a beacon
okay but don't try to do anything crazy
i won't i promise give me your hand lend
me your red strings
of course it's the least i can do if
you're trying to recreate what happened
my power should help alright
let's begin try to imagine it
11 years ago at the osf hospital
and mother
ah
it's shaking the count gate is reacting
do it
take me to mother
cassani we'll be waiting for you
this is the same as before
what is this place
the place where mother has
i can do this i just have to imagine it
in my mind
the old osf hospital 11 years ago
where am i this is the hospital
right information for patients
today is october 4th 2009.
i jumped right to when i wanted i sort
of have a sense of the red strings now
i don't think i can use them repeatedly
though
i should start looking for mother
um
[Music]
uh
oh
[Music]
one day i received a memory from the
future
i saw you in togetsu i guess babe won
its wager
it proved the potential of the red
strings
[Music]
mother what do you mean i don't
understand
[Music]
the brains of past users of the red
strings are connected to babe's core
none of them were as strong as you
though babe used those mines to create
pseudo-red strings to transfer data
across time
to red strings users in the past
transfer so the data wasn't erased
but how do you know that i felt a tug
from my brain inside babe
its data was transferred into my head
is that even possible babe took a risk
so that its plan wouldn't be foiled
a huge amount of data was transferred
into me
it felt like my head was split open and
i fainted
when i woke up i was astonished at the
information i was given
even so i'm sure i wasn't sent all the
information
that's how i learned that you were alive
and well
this isn't the moment for reminiscing
though i'm sure you're short on time
thank you mother i want you to tell me
what you know about the kunan gate
is yuito's death really the only way to
destroy it
yes it is as long as yurito lives
the world will be destroyed by the count
gate
which is exactly why i made the proper
preparations for that not to happen
now while the red strings are active is
my only chance to try it
bring me to your time all right
i don't know the reason why but i'll do
what you say
wait first i have to find yuito
find him we're playing hide and seek
it's all right he's hiding right over
there
i finally finished the device to protect
uito from memory damage
is that the ear cuff that yuito still
wears
it's actually a tag the osf hospital
made to manage special patients
but this is a special order if you swap
this for the one yuito is wearing now
he'll be all right then we'll go to the
future
okay then we need to get yuito
oh yuito wait
[Music]
another warning it's starting
i'll keep you safe mother let's go after
yueito
[Music]
others could show up at any time i have
to find you it'll fast
[Music]
where are you yuito yuito
moment
mother hurry yes
don't move
[Music]
i made it just in time
i'm sorry explaining will take too long
just let me put this on you
you see wakana
your mom asked me to make sure you wear
it
yeah okay
[Music]
you have to live no matter what
are you all right
is anyone hurt
get this child to safety he's joe
tsumaragi son
understood come this way
i put the cuff on you ito
thank you people can see us here come
this way
all right then yes let's go
this will work i need to think of uito
and return to my time
take me to your time
[Music]
it's the same as the vision babe showed
us which means
mom why are you here
what's going on
[Music]
mother we'll talk later
her brain must be under a lot of stress
let's find a place to rest
but won't she be pulled back to her time
while resting
don't worry the weak i am a user of the
red strings
we need to hurry back to the hideout
wakana should be fine when she has some
sleep there's no damage done to her
brain
it seems like it was just exhaustion
good
i'm glad it's not serious she said she
could stay in this time for a while
so let's give her some rest if it's true
that wakana has babe's research data
then that's a hopeful sign
that reminds me there was something we
talked about inside babe that had me
curious they were making others but is
that the same metamorphosis technique as
new himuka
it might be it's very likely that naomi
was shot with a special bullet that
contained other particles
i never could figure out how much new
himuka actually understood about them
but if they have the technique to
incorporate other particles into a
bullet
they should be able to do something
about the extinction belt
if neither new himuka nor can do it
managing it must be very difficult
perhaps it has something to do with the
amount of particles
the extinction belt is made of other
particles right
so the others that fall from the sky
must have been some kind of animal
before
it's not birds we learned it's in the
stratosphere
but then what animals could they be
well they most likely came from outer
space outside the extinction belt
like the moon and you're almost right
there's a moon station on the outer edge
of the extinction belt that contains
genetic information of many animals
or so they say so the others
falling to earth was instigated by the
moon too
that means no matter how much we fight
the others will be born infinitely
that's so awful how could they do
that to the people on earth
it's unforgivable very
but i'm sure the people on the moon were
desperate to escape metamorphosis
not that i'm saying you should forgive
them for that or anything
[Music]
with the moon's technology they should
have been able to counter it
but there was no way they could save the
entire population
it's in dr pope's memories too people
terrified of other attacks
[Music]
well we have to wait a while to talk to
akana
so can't we just slack off i mean take a
break
you don't have to correct yourself slack
off all you want
we'll save all the talk for after my
mother wakes up
[Music]
are you free to talk yes what do you
want to talk about today
oh not here the kitchen is empty right
now so
let's go there huh all right let's go
so what's this about it might be a
touchy subject for you
since you are one of the design children
made in togetsu
yes what of it how do you feel about
your existence being the result of an
experiment
how do i feel i'm not sure how to answer
that
do you feel bad or conflicted about
being in artificial existence
well it's something i learned just
recently so it honestly doesn't feel
very real yet
finding out my entire past was a lie
definitely filled me with shock and
anger
but it's not like my birth affects who i
am now so it hasn't been an issue
you're steadfast and that's precisely
why i wanted to talk to you
what are you talking about i you don't
have to force it
i can go to another room and wait for
you to come wait
i'm a dud i was born without powers
but they ran experiments on me when i
was a child which led to my gaining them
so while my situation is a little
different from yours
i'm also an artificial psionic it's
something i've been struggling with for
a while now
my power was given to me it's not my own
maybe it'll disappear one day and i'll
be nothing
the other day that's why you asked would
i do if i couldn't use my powers
yes i wanted to know how you felt since
you were also created by an experiment
how do you think one can overcome their
fear of possibly losing their powers one
day
you're asking me because you want my
frank opinion yes that's right
then i'll be honest with you i don't
understand why you're so worried
is that because you're not a dud no i
don't mean it like that
it's because i consider powers to be
just one tool out of many
just one of many if you can't use one
then just use another
there are other ways to fight besides
powers even if i didn't have them
i'm sure i'd find another way to try to
protect naomi
whether you have powers or not your
feelings won't change
what's important is not how you do it
but what you do
what you do i see
i should apologize what are you talking
about
i kept telling you before how similar
you were to my brother
but i was wrong my brother will greedily
try to obtain powers to fulfill his own
agenda
by force at times you could say he is
almost possessed by the powers
however you don't care that much about
them
if they're not available you're flexible
enough to choose a different method
i don't really understand but you're
basically saying you don't think karen
and i are similar anymore
yes because you're not i was conflicted
at first
but i'm glad i told you it seems i was
being a little too closed-minded
that might be similar to my brother
you've helped me feel a little better
thank you don't mention it thank you for
trusting me with your secret
you can talk to me anytime if you're
ever struggling with something
like your muscles i don't think i'd ever
be worried about my muscles but i'll
keep that in mind
cassani how long do you train each day
i think i train as much as necessary hmm
as far as i can see you seem to have
muscle
i'd like it if you allowed me to create
a training program for you sometime
[Music]
he and i share the same mother i wonder
how he feels about that
yuito are you free right now yeah what's
up
it's just well i thought we could talk
about our mother
i'm sure we both have some things we
want to say yeah
i wanted to talk to you about that too
actually oh
why don't we head down to mizuhagawa why
there
i just thought a little picnic might
help change the mood i can make some
food for us
what do you think a picnic in the middle
of others
well i guess it'll warm us up for battle
yeah
it'll be field training let's head out
in about an hour
all right
looks like we took care of most of the
others around here
let's take a break here's your lunch
oh this is pretty elaborate
he might even be better at this than
naomi no
that's too much of a compliment i was
going to make something simpler but i
got carried away
is it too much it's fine it tastes fine
too
thanks so let's talk while we eat
i was surprised that you called my mom
mother
you're the one that called my mother mom
that's the same no wait
i guess she raised you first mother
raised me when she was in togetsu
then she had you and your brother in suo
that means you're like my big sister
then
wait a minute why am i your big sister
you were raised first so that means
you're older than me
oh i guess you're right i hadn't thought
about it that much
well we really don't pay attention to
actual age in the osf
i don't have memories from when mother
went away until i was adopted by the
randalls
that's when my brother and i were born
so it must have been about 10 years were
you in cryogenic sleep or something
that's most likely the case all i
remember is losing my mother
and how painful it was oh
right but i was born because she left
togetsu
so that's a good thing for me at least
right oh sorry
that was a little insensitive no
it's true that if mother had stayed in
togetsu you wouldn't have been born
so i guess i should call you big sister
now
stop it the only big sister i know is
naomi
it doesn't suit me okay i won't say it
anymore
that laugh is he trying to make me feel
better
if he is then maybe i was too hard on
him
that was quite the feast not too bad if
i do say so myself
yes it was good thanks
how do you feel about seeing mother it
was necessary in order to save the world
but in truth i was really happy to see
her
me too the moment i saw her face
it was like i was a child again it was
really strange
neither of us had seen her since we were
young
there's just so much i want to tell her
about
so do i i wonder if we'll have the time
though
that's hard to say did you ask her how
long she can stay in this time
no i have another chance i hope she'll
stay forever
yeah but as much as i want her to
i know in my heart that she won't be
with us that long
you're right but we can't just spend all
of our time being sad about it
yeah sorry for being a downer
i wasn't accusing you of anything i just
don't want to think that not seeing her
is the end of the relationship
even if we can't be together it doesn't
mean we'll forget the people who loved
us
i was just a kid but i remember being so
happy when i was with my mom
as long as we have those memories no
matter how much time passes
we're all still connected isn't that
right naomi
i like that way of thinking even without
the red strings
our hearts are connected over time yes
though it sounds rather trite when you
put it into words
really i don't think it does
i will say the ability to time travel
has really messed with us
but i am very thankful that it allowed
me to see my mom again
yes i have more good memories now
promised not to laugh but when i
actually saw her again and heard her
voice
i felt a lump in my throat and almost
started to cry
why would i laugh at you for that i felt
the same way
i guess we've gotten a little too
comfortable here
this is perfect let's get a workout in
before we head back
okay let's take care of this together
stay on guard it might not be just them
connect with sas and don't forget your
surroundings
this is starting to get a little awkward
is it because he called me his big
sister
oh um thanks yeah i'll be careful
okay let's go then
hey kasani got a minute yes what do you
need
it can wait if you're busy but i was
hoping you'd run some military exercises
with me
we can go now let's head to the training
facility
damn it i thought i could win this time
can't believe you turned the tables on
me at the last second
i may have managed to push through at
the end but it was really close
thanks that made for a good training
session
i noticed you moved differently now it's
like you don't hesitate anymore
don't analyze me you shouldn't get
carried away just because you beat me
it was a compliment i know
but i guess it's fine i'll learn from
this experience and win next time just
you wait
i appreciate your passion but remember
not to push yourself too hard
you'll make your family worry i don't
even have to be pushing myself for them
to worry
they never listen to anything i say you
have good parents
you would better be replying to all of
their messages
i am but they still won't stop bugging
me
i decided i'm gonna drop by and see them
once in a while
[Music]
that's a good idea i'm sure they'll be
happy about that
they're constantly asking when i'll be
coming over next i mean
don't they get how busy i am
[Music]
you always talk about them like that but
i know they're important to you
you just can't admit it that's normal
you're just too blunt although that
could be why you're so strong
you fight for what's important to you
without being bothered by what anyone
else thinks
that's a strength that can't be measured
and utterly incomprehensible to me
but i did learn something while watching
what would that be
real strength isn't something you
compare against other people
everyone including me has their own
unique strengths
anyway don't get cocky just because
you're a little talented
i'm eventually going to surpass you and
run the osf one day
and here i thought you'd actually grown
as a person you haven't changed much at
all
what although it would be off-putting if
you suddenly changed overnight
so i guess this is better nothing but
insults as usual
are you really trying to become friends
with me
about that i know what kyoku said but i
don't think we need to force a
friendship between us
what we may have different ways of
thinking
but we can trust each other on the
battlefield don't you think that's good
enough
[Music]
yeah we're fighting in the same platoon
i suppose i can at least be cooperative
i'm glad we've come to an agreement
oh kasane perfect timing there's a
popular fortune teller visiting ceyron
right now who's said to be 200
accurate what 200
how can you be twice as right about
something either way
i'm not really interested oh come on
let's go get red together
you might gain some valuable information
we can use in our upcoming fights
i doubt that but fine if you want to go
that badly i guess i'll tag along
let's get going then i'm sure there's a
line already
[Music]
this really is a long line i'm surprised
so many people believe in something so
unscientific
there's a lot in the world that can't be
explained by science
now let's line up this is going to take
some time
i'm going to go buy something to drink
you stay here and hold our place
what's taking her so long did something
happen
i should probably go look for her
[Music]
where did she go oh there she is
kyoka who are you talking to
oh kasani i'm sorry
did something happen who was that
someone from togetsu what but toguetsu
was on its last legs
or at least that's what i thought i was
surprised too
it seems the agents scattered around new
himuka are still active
they told me to come back and work with
them but why
babe isn't operating anymore and it was
the one running togetsu
they told me they need dr pope's
neuroscience expertise in order to
revive babe
none of the other design children were
able to adapt to dr pope's vast memory
data
with babe gone my brain is the only one
that has her memories
just so we're clear you're not planning
on going back to them
right of course not i'd never do that
there's still something worrying you she
told me that i need to fulfill my role
as someone created by togetsu
who do they think they are i know but
it's true that i was created to fulfill
togetsu's plans
my brain my body and everything else
when i was there i thought the only
value i had was in carrying out my
orders
i'm here now because i stopped allowing
them to define me on their terms
i don't regret it but sometimes i'm left
feeling uneasy
i feel like my own existence is
indefinite
that i'm just worthless you're not
worthless at all
you've saved us countless times we need
the kyoka who's here with us now
not dr pope's memories thank you
you're right i can't let them get to me
we should try to find out what the
togetsu remnants are up to so we can
stop them
do you have any leads not yet but as
long as they need me
they'll approach me again when they do
i'll pretend to join them and see what
they're up to
i might even be able to lure them out
it's a good plan
but risky let me help i can't let you go
alone
okay i really don't want to get you
involved
but i need your help oh we never got our
fortunes told
i was hoping to get some good news
we've been together for a while kasane
ever since you were a cadet
and your growth still surprises me it
does
i haven't noticed any changes in myself
you've become a great soldier
i hope i can keep watching you get
[Music]
better
can we talk i have a favor to ask
what is it i know this is cruel of me to
ask
could you tell me where naomi died
[Music]
i heard about what happened to her and i
wanted to visit the last place she stood
before she died
of course you don't have to tell me if
it's too painful for you
it's miso hagala we can go together
are you sure yes i think you should see
it too
sorry and thank you
died around here this is where she
fought the togetsu soldiers
she and the rest of the people
transformed into others
they saved us when we had nowhere to run
at the cost of their own lives
must have been hard for you just looking
at this place brings back painful
memories
naomi told me something back then though
that she was happy to have been alive
and to perform one last act of humanity
hmm
naomi was in pain but she found a reason
to live
that's why i won't let this keep me down
i'll survive anything the world wants to
throw at me
i see naomi lived her life to the
fullest
gamma are you crying
[Music]
oh looks like i am
sorry you better not say you want to die
too
don't worry i won't i already decided i
wouldn't waste my life anymore
i'm sure naomi wouldn't be happy if i
did something like that
good i'm relieved to hear you say that
why did you want to come here anyway
i wanted to confirm what i was feeling
to figure out what i want to do with the
rest of my life
i won't let anyone go through what naomi
did ever again
however this nation's issues are too
great
suo and sayron are no different they use
and discard the innocent for their own
gain
you're right i'm sure there are people
like naomi suffering somewhere in this
country
even now i was hesitating because of the
size of the opposition the learning
about naomi's last moments here
has solidified the path i need to take
now that the government's actions have
been made public
the system is slowly changing i want to
help create a new system to make up for
past
mistakes that's the least i can do for
naomi
i'm glad you have a goal i'm sure she
would be happy
it sounds like you'll still have plenty
to do after retirement
actually i had another idea about my
retirement
although it might be a little conceited
if a retired osf soldier can live a long
life
and do something to help society then i
want to become the model case of a
psionic successfully aging
that's impressive you must have drawn
upon your vast experience to come up
with an idea like that
no i didn't come up with it on my own
it's something i thought after talking
with you
really remember when i had you taste my
cooking the other
day that helped me gain a little
confidence that i had more to offer than
my ability to fight
even if i lose my power there are still
so many new things for me to try
i was worried about what would happen
after retirement but now i'm
almost looking forward to it people
really can't change
he does look happier than when he first
handed me naomi's letter
life goes on in this world even without
her
for both gemma and me i feel like i
should start something new too
really do you want to try cooking with
me it's pretty interesting
i'll think about it
you move so efficiently in battle that's
really impressive
considering how little combat experience
you have although while it's great that
you don't hesitate
just don't be too reckless sometimes you
need to pause and think
yes you're right thank you for the
advice
i'll be sure to remember that ah no i
didn't mean to lecture you
maybe this is because of my age
[Music]
oh kasani do you have a minute will you
come to a cafe in suo with me
sure is everything okay uh
there's something i want to talk to you
about has she made a decision about
yuuito
all right let's go
so what did you want to talk about
straight to the point as always
okay then i wanted to talk to you about
the osf
the osf not yuito
hey it's not like i think about him all
day
i mean maybe i did up until recently but
there's no talking about ueto today
i want to be more independent and not
rely on him so much
i see so what about the osf
we've seen the osf's dark side through
the battles we've been in
we know that they're not an ally of
justice we found out that it's an
organization
that runs cool experiments that cost a
lot of people their lives
true now i'm struggling with the
decision of whether or not to stay in
the osf
i know that i have to be the one to make
the final choice
but i just wanted to ask your opinion
if you're questioning your current
situation you either have to leave
or change right
so it comes down to those two options i
guess i don't really want to leave
i have friends and other people who are
very important to me in the osf
and i don't want to run away i feel like
i need to face the osf head-on precisely
because we know there's something wrong
then that leaves you with only one
answer you're right
i probably already knew it but was too
afraid to say it out loud
i want to change the osf because it's
filled with the people i love
i don't want to give up on it an osf
that doesn't sacrifice lives
but saves them yeah that's going to be
my goal
that's a good goal straightforward just
like you
i know it's ambitious but it's the least
i can do if i want to be on the level of
you and yuito
you can do it i told you before that you
have the power to break through the
front line
even outside of battle you can break
through barriers as long as you put your
mind to it
that doesn't sound like a compliment but
thank you
i'll do my best hey
kasani i'm glad we became friends
is something wrong i was so preoccupied
with yuito before
but talking to you made me realize i had
to change
i think you've helped me broaden my
perspective as well
i think about things i never would have
before
it might just be my imagination but are
you planning to leave the osf
what makes you think that well
you didn't seem to hesitate when you
suggested my leaving the osf
so i thought maybe i haven't made any
decisions yet
but you're right i am considering that
as a possibility
oh it'd be sad to say goodbye
but i'll always support you no matter
what path you may decide for yourself
thank you i appreciate that
although i'd like to see you confess
your feelings to yuito before
i leave what
i told you no talking about yuito
did you say that honestly
anyway i'm not ready yet but
i think i'll be able to take the first
step soon so wish me luck
i hope your wishes come true and not
just romantically
i'll pray for you too let's both do our
best
[Music]
what does this handshake mean i'm not
sure
but it just felt right maybe it's a sign
of our friendship
even if we're apart we'll still always
be friends
okay friends it is
well are you ready to go we still have
so much to do
[Music]
yes let's get going
kasane have you mellowed lately like how
you talk
have i i'm not particularly aware of it
really i just had the feeling that
you're somewhat easier to talk to
maybe i'm the one who's changed it could
be that i understand what you're feeling
more since i know you better
that makes me happy
are she do you have a second it's about
this program
after the update she seems unusually
focused
is she making a new program
[Music]
whoa this is a video game
you're playing instead of doing work
i could say you caught me but this is
what i always do
it's kind of pointless yelling at me
over things like this anymore
why do you want to skip out on work so
much
it's not that simple this is a defensive
measure to ensure i don't waste my
precious stamina on mental energy on
pointless work
defensive measure that's basically
arishi got a minute did you come to
scold me about my work ethic too
now's not the time for jokes major
general fabuki might be in trouble
what happened i haven't been able to
reach him for the past few hours
his geolocation isn't available either
the osf hasn't been able to help we're
working in the dark
it's probably best we go look for him
then
no we don't need to do that how come
because he's going to wander back like
nothing happened going to look for him
is just a waste of time
saving your only brother is a waste of
your time
i'm saying my time shouldn't be used on
a pointless effort
[Music]
fine let me try putting it another way
which do you think is better wasting a
moment of your time on pointless work
or losing him and regretting it for the
rest of your life
[Music]
lose him right
you
i see you may have a point
haruka send me fubuki's last known
location
okay hold on there i sent it
it was a while ago so we should expand
the search
[Music]
are she did she just leave
can you track her location with gps
i'm doing it but i'm getting her
geolocation data coming from everywhere
i can't get a lock on her current
location
it must be her hyper velocity we should
wait and see where she ends up before we
go after her
are she stopped she's it's our she
rebel is blocking my path i'll need your
power to move this
i'll send you the coordinates
i'm heading out to the coordinates looks
like it's around the abandoned subway
i've almost reached the coordinates copy
that
i'm getting reports about a gust of wind
blowing through the city
what yes it's not causing any damage but
apparently it's unsettling i just
thought you should know
that gust i don't think it'll be coming
back
i'm betting it was arishi she was
probably running all over the place
looking for traces of major general
fubuki
despite what she was saying she must be
really worried
if i can just find an opening
arshi kasane
what took you so long i came here as
soon as i could
i'll save my questions for later first
we have to do something about this
[Music]
okay now we can keep going is major
general fubuki up ahead
probably it looks like there was a big
fight here
the damage seems recent
they just won't let up what gives
they're not going to stop me
rubble leave it to me
what are you doing here i could ask you
the same thing
what happened i was investigating the
area
when the extinction belt suddenly
descended and jammed my transmissions
then the other suddenly appeared and
destroyed the path trapping me here
i knew i didn't need to come all this
way honestly
[Music]
no you still saved me thank you cassanee
i'm sorry to have bothered you sis
yeah no kidding now i'm exhausted
sorry i guess this makes it the second
time you saved me did
something similar to this happen in the
past
yes back when i was a kid and scouted by
the osf
arashi threw a big tantrum using her
power and told them they couldn't take
me with them
what but it's obligatory it's no use
trying to change their mind
so why the osf and death go hand in hand
sometimes we need to accept the
irrational
i might be able to handle that but i
knew full well that someone earnest like
him wasn't equipped to deal with it
and those who aren't equipped to deal
with it have a high chance of dying
needlessly
so i thought i'd save everyone the
trouble and stop him from being enlisted
in the first place
[Music]
although in the end i wasn't able to
change anything
just a child's tantrum that was the
biggest waste of my entire life
my brother ended up enlisting in the osf
and somehow even managed to climb up to
regiment commander
on the other hand i got injured got the
top brass on my back making me run
pr just the worst
injured so you got hurt
yeah i did something really stupid i
used my hyper velocity and tore my limbs
off when i hit a wall
what don't worry they fixed them right
up so there's barely even a scar but
like you said
my pointless action didn't yield me
anything
just like today
neither of them were pointless to me
tabuki
you risked your life to protect me you
used your tiny body to shield me
ever since i saw that i wanted to become
someone who could risk their life for
another
and while you were healing i found out
how fun letters could be
letters what letters
did you forget you wrote me letters as
part of your physical therapy treatments
for your hands
that's why i started writing letters too
it's like a hobby of mine now
really it helps me relax
there's something else it helps me with
too
it helps me remember the time you
defended me that really cheers me up
so it wasn't pointless
[Music]
so about today do you really think it
was pointless
yeah i do i see
i really hate wasted effort but that
doesn't mean it's all bad
it's fine doing something like this once
in a while
it's a little embarrassing how it goes
against everything i believe in though
i've been in the osf a long time and a
rookie as good as you
is a rare thing you mean a rookie who's
easy to give your work to
i can't just give my work to anyone i
chose you because i know you can handle
it
also because i trust you personally even
outside of work so
i'll trust you to keep working as an
extension of myself
i'm sorry i made you all worry are you
all right
i'm fine and we have to hurry back to
the cunad gate
we're going back there again do you know
what we can do about it mother
yes we must get rid of the entanglements
in the kunan gate
where the world will eventually be
destroyed
entanglements what are they
we should head to the kunan gate before
i explain it further
okay then we'll go to the cunad highway
everyone get ready mom you can have a
seat here
thank you you got so big
huh that was sudden
you joined the osf how's kaito
are you getting along with your older
brother he's
good we don't really get along anymore
oh can you tell me what's happening in
your time
in the present
and that's basically it the only other
thing is the existence of the cunad gate
thank you along with babe's data i think
i understand a lot now
are we almost ready to leave oh
yeah we are let's go mother
is something the matter i'm just happy
you turned into such a fine young lady
it's not my place to say that though i'm
sorry i left you behind and ran away
it's okay you don't need to apologize
they were trying to kill you and i don't
remember much about being in togetsu
anyway
and after i came to suo i had my big
sister
then i have to say thank you to your
i'm sure she'll be happy you still call
me
mother even after everything
things are moving fast but i'm hoping
you can tell us how to deal with the
cunad gate
you said something about entanglement
ultimately yuito and kasane have to
enter the kunan gate
and unravel the entanglements
what i'm telling you here is just a
concept the traces
interfering with time should look like
tangled red threads
according to togetsu's theory whenever
you jump through time a dimensional hole
like the cunad gate is created
but it should then disappear
the reason this hasn't disappeared is
because yuito and kasane's powers
resonated
the kunan gate is different from the
theorized gates in that it's persisting
in a distorted state
using a distorted gate for a time jump
creates entanglements
if you can unravel those entanglements
you can close the cunad gate
distorted i don't really get it yet
but when you say enter the count gate do
you mean go
into that hole in the sky that strange
space
is it inside the kunaut gate you saw it
too
when the gate first opened
oh that place with all the weird images
that's right that strange space that
cassani mentioned exists inside the
kunan gate
it is the concept of space that only
exists for those with the red strings
power
together called it the chronos terminal
perhaps it's a kind of station or
junction point
for traveling through time hmm
so only yuito and kasane can perceive it
i guess that explains why we didn't
notice it when we jump to the future
when there is time contact between 2020
when the gate was made
and another time entanglements are
created
time contact is that any different from
time travel
it's a broader definition of time travel
even if you don't arrive at that time
even if you just attempt basically if
someone with the red string's power even
touches that time
there is a trace that is time contact
the only way to actually see which times
have entanglements
is for the two of you to go and check
for yourselves
[Music]
so i guess the only thing we can do is
leave it to uito and kasani
[Music]
even if we find the entanglements we
won't know how to unravel them until we
see them
the kronos terminal is conceptualized by
your powers
so you'll know how to unravel them not
with reason
but with intuition
[Music]
also i'm weak but i can use the red
strings
so i'll support you from here okay
so we just need to use the red strings
again and enter the kronos terminal
i'm going with you this time
you don't know what kind of dangers will
be there make sure you're ready before
you go
if it gets dangerous you both come right
back
don't worry we will just take care of my
mother
keep her safe it's all right
don't worry we will protect wakana
all right we don't have much time let me
know when you're ready
[Music]
i got the hang of using the red strings
now and yurito's here this time
i have to do this right
good to go kasani i'm ready
focus your consciousness together
picture the site of the kronos terminal
to the chronos terminal we will unravel
those entanglements
it looks like we actually made it
are each of those images connected to
different times
we can't just stand around we have to
search for the entanglements
i guess it's nothing new when it's your
third time
so how do we find them i don't feel
anything yet
this is it must be mother
is she guiding us let's go
others how are they inside the kronos
terminal
calm down that place is built from your
consciousness
it's an imaginary world it is a very
unstable place
your fear and anxiety all of your
emotions affect it
the memories of your past made others
appear
so basically you're saying that these
others were created by our mental
immaturity that makes us sound pretty
lame
but if we made them we can take them
down too i know the two of you can
handle it
but be careful
this is the old osf hospital on that day
in 2009
it's an entanglement
yeah i don't understand it but i can
feel it
this is definitely it if we want to
successfully unravel this
then i'm betting that we have to use the
red strings our power
yes i feel it too we should be able to
make this work
another one let's hold it off while we
unravel the entanglement
this will make the cunad gate disappear
hey kasane that day
i never got the chance to thank you
properly so
thank you for saving me what
that came out of nowhere you were the
one that saved me 11 years ago at the
hospital
right i remember it perfectly now
i used to be a dud and then all of a
sudden i had powers
my power awakening i think it was
because you shared yours with me
what powers aren't something you can
just share
yeah i know what i'm saying sounds silly
but
if it were possible it was thanks to
meeting you that day that i'm still
alive
and have reached my goal of getting into
the osf that's what i think
so thanks for saving me
you're welcome is that what i'm supposed
to say
[Music]
you look totally confused but that's
okay
i think it's unraveled now everyone is
probably worried about us
mother's power i can still feel it
so there's more than one entanglement
if so it's simple we just have to
unravel all of them
right okay let's go
this future should now no longer exist
have you ever thought about what you
would do if you could travel to the past
and change history
you mean after we remove the cunad gate
yeah the ability to travel through time
freely
that's the true power of the red strings
right if i could go back and save my
sister
i'd be lying if i said i hadn't thought
of it
i wanted to save naomi i just kept
thinking there must be a way over and
over again
every now and then i'm reminded that i
won't see her again
and it rattles me sure
if i could change history so naomi
wouldn't turn into another
if that was something i could actually
do
i don't think i'd do it why
because if you change the past no one
knows how it will affect everything
after that
if we were in a different platoon if we
weren't scouted
if i was never adopted is changing the
past until i get the results i want
really saving naomi and not just naomi
it's not right to go back and change the
lives of everyone in the world just for
my own selfish desires
yeah i guess it's not right to mess with
everyone else just to fulfill your wants
it's painful and there's a lot of
suffering we have to bear
but it's a burden we must carry sorry
it was weird of me to bring up that
being said
i am glad i asked because i was thinking
the same thing
i'm relieved you agree oh
but this mindset is thanks to you
i've learned so much the same goes for
me
i think my old self would have come to a
different conclusion
i mean i don't think you would have even
talked to me for this long
back when you first joined you know
that's not
okay perhaps you're right about that
[Music]
[Applause]
this is mom's there's still an
entanglement
but all the time periods we traveled to
now
now's not the time to think about it can
you keep going
i'll be okay i'm probably just a little
tired from using my brain too much
we should hurry
isn't that
the sumaragi crest that's it
this is the image i saw at the start
right
yakima sumaragi's crest it seems like a
time entanglement appeared then
[Music]
what how former major general karen
so they're going to keep coming we need
to unravel the entanglement
okay that should
hueyto this is bad
i don't think i can take much more
either
so did we do it
that should be all of them right
probably
but something doesn't feel right karen
and yakumo
what happened to them damn it
i'm blocking here
mom mother
where am i oh good
you're awake it seems like we made it
back
what's going on the kunan gate
why hasn't it disappeared well
good job you two it's all okay now
what but mother we unraveled the
entanglements
so why
[Music]
leave the rest to me what
thank you for growing up so strong
you've made a lot of wonderful friends
those connections are much more valuable
than any red string
treasure them for the rest of your life
[Music]
mother
you can't go back to the past if you go
back to ketsu will
it has to be done
forgive me
the longer i remain here
[Music]
the more painful it will be
no hold on there's still so much that i
need to say
[Music]
mother
yuuito kasani
live on knowing you're happy is all that
i could ask for
uh
so today is the day
[Music]
i may give you my brain but you can't
have my memories of the future
[Music]
kasani
ciao
[Music]
the body has been confirmed as the
target wakana
current theory for cause of death is
cerebral overload due to a malfunction
in the personality rehabilitation device
we believe an irreversible memory wipe
was conducted
there is significant damage to the
memory regions in her brain
following protocol and retrieving her
brain
[Music]
i see there was an entanglement from
when mom time traveled
mother she explained it to us earlier
when the two of you were gone
the cunad gate wouldn't disappear as
long as she was still present in this
time
we have a message she left for the two
of you let me send it to you now
[Music]
apparently the entanglement will unravel
when wakana returns to the past
and dies like she did in history
apparently i know she would have wanted
to talk to the both of you some more
but she thought spending more time with
you would only make things more painful
hey um don't be so down i'm not saying
that because i'm worried about you i
said that because it affects platoon
morale
wakana wasn't from this time period so
her situation was different than yours
i'm sorry i know this hits the two of
you harder than anyone else and
i'm here crying
she held back her feelings so she could
part with you with no regrets
she's a great person
what kind of knew from the start that
she was causing an entanglement
that uneasy feeling we got when we
unraveled the entanglement 11 years ago
was because mom's entanglement still
remained
that's strange
wakana has returned so how come it
didn't disappear
have all the entanglements truly been
unraveled
all the entanglements we felt we
unraveled the ones eleven years ago
fifty years in the future and the one
during yakima sumaragi's time period
what what does yakima sumaragi's time
period have to do with anything
i think one formed when we witnessed
yakumo's assassination
what are you talking about yakumo was
severely injured in an accident but he
wasn't assassinated
we don't really understand it either but
we saw yakuma sumuragi being killed by
karen
[Music]
what did you say we were busy dealing
with the entanglement
but yeah there's no doubt in my mind
that that was former major general karen
he copied kasana's power yuito
if he also copied your power
but he didn't copy mike
he could have time traveled by
resonating kasana's power with mine
so it hasn't disappeared because of the
entanglement karin created
when he traveled back to yakima's time
period
but the two of you couldn't find an
entanglement how do you expect to
unravel something you can't find
karen can unravel his own entanglement
[Music]
yes exactly the only thing we can do is
take carr into the kronos terminal and
have him unravel the entanglement
himself
water can you check curran's location
i figured you'd ask so i've been working
on it i've got nothing
i can't find him at all it's like he's
disappeared
supposing that he's traveled to yakima's
time period that would mean he's in the
past
that's where you're going to find him
are you too sure the people you saw were
really karen and yakimo
we're sure we could see their faces
clearly
actually we only saw karen's face
but that was yakima i mean he had the
same mask on as all the depictions of
him
ah yes that's it the mask that explains
everything
kaguro explain
whoa sagumi calm down so you know how
yakumo started wearing the mask because
of the injuries he sustained
rumor was sometime after the accident he
suddenly stopped appearing in front of
people and his whole personality just
changed whole personality changed
you're not suggesting
[Music]
the real yakima was assassinated by
karen from the future
and karen took his place by putting on
the mask
it doesn't matter either way we still
need to travel back to 2000 years ago to
check
[Music]
actually no we might not have to travel
at all
you all saw my brother's video right
don't you remember
what he said yakumo sumaragi is alive
what are you he is asleep
deep beneath suo even now he is waiting
for his revenge
right cold sleep just like kagaro
if yakimo is in cold sleep under suo
then we can find out the truth by
meeting him directly
if former major general karen replaced
him then he'll be the one down there in
cold sleep
i'm not entirely certain as to why he
did what he did
we can talk to him and have him help us
unravel the entanglement
do we know where he's sleeping though i
mean arahabaki is the only area i can
think of that's under zuo
i mean sumaraki tomb is the first place
i thought of where yakuma would be
do you think he would really be in such
a heavily trafficked place though
[Music]
how about it yuito it's your family's
tomb
yeah that makes sense but i've never
even been inside the building before
the head of the family is responsible
for watching over sumaragi tomb
i might be able to find something out if
i talk to my brother
the chief do you think he'll listen to
us
actually i've been trying to reach my
brother's terminal but i'm not getting
through
there's a chance he might have blocked
me wateru
can you ask major general fubuki to talk
to my brother
i doubt he'd refuse a call from a major
general
okay leave it to me i just don't know
how soon i'll get a response
[Music]
wanna stop by our hideout then i'm sure
yuito and kasana could use the rest
good idea it would be smart to rest
while we can
thanks gamma all right let's head back
welcome back i messaged major general
fubuki
he said it might take some time to get
in touch with the chief
thanks water i also
asked about major general karen but
apparently major general
fabuki doesn't know anything either i
see
then i guess he really is in the past we
don't have any other leads at the moment
so let's hope he's in sumeragi tomb
[Music]
so think about the amount of water you
would need for your flowers
and make sure you are you listening to
me kagura
yep you know very well that i'd never
miss a word my beloved tsugumi says
okay but i'm going to be mad if you
don't put this all to use
i know i know leave it to your guy
kaguro
you talk a lot with tsugumi you aren't
going to ask her out on a date
oh are you jealous it seems like i'm
back in the game
after two thousand years
i'm starting to understand do you see
tsugumi and me as replacements for your
daughter
oh i know wanna help me with an errand
don't change the subject
a good woman doesn't point that out i
want to go clean up an old hideout i
used to use
an old hideout yeah it's a place i used
to lay low back when i was doing my spy
work
there should still be a lot of inside
information and classified data on
togetsu
so i thought i might as well grab it all
that might actually be of use to the
government when handling them in the
future
it's not for the government i just
wanted to do my part when it comes to
them
okay i'll help where is it kikuchiba
let's get going
[Music]
hey about our last conversation
what we were in mizu agawa
you were telling me to do something
meaningful well
i've been thinking about it ever since
then but nothing really comes to mind
once we stopped togetsu's plan i felt
like i fulfilled my role
i was thinking it might be time for a
ghost from the past like me to move on
listen that was the old you who
fulfilled his role
we still need kagero in the here and now
i don't know if you've realized but
kaguro doesn't even exist
what do you mean on the moon and in
togetsu
i was called shin daniel kaguro dawn is
just a pseudonym that name is a shimmer
that doesn't exist
maybe that's true for you but for us
it's different
whatever your real name might be the
kaguro dawn we've known in the osf
isn't a ghost and when you were talking
fondly with tsugumi
you didn't look like a ghost then
what tsugumi and the rest of us need is
you we don't need some stranger from the
past
how is it that you've become this wise
at your young age
i'm seriously impressed with you
yeah if people need kagero dawn then
maybe i don't have to feel so empty
after all
perhaps it's time i put my past self to
rest and started focusing on the present
i guess i'll need to clean up my old
haunts first we're almost to the hideout
let's go
we finally made it i know it's shabby
but make yourself comfortable
actually something seems off it's pretty
messy
do you think someone broke in seems like
it
wait here let me take a look around
[Music]
dang all the data's either been taken or
destroyed
most likely togetsu they
probably felt the need to clean things
up when they realized i turned on them
i figured they would why come all the
way out here if you predicted this would
happen
hmm well i wanted to confirm my
suspicions and also
grab some of my personal belongings
[Music]
did you find something is that a picture
it looks ripped hmm
oh yeah it's an old photo is it of your
family
if we find the other pieces we might be
able to restore it
no it's okay it's not like this is the
only photo i have
but it's important to you what's
important
are the memories don't you remember what
you said to me
it's because of the important things
we've lost that we have to live on
and i think now is the time i need to
get my act together and keep moving
forward
if i keep dragging this on the way i've
been doing until now
then i'm sure i'll start upsetting
everyone
okay if you're fine with that
thanks for hanging out with me today
talking with you helped me realize a lot
of things
you said you were going to move forward
what are you planning on doing
first i'll settle things with my past as
someone who's worked with togetsu
i have a responsibility to deal with
babe and karen
i have to see the things we started to
the very end
then i'll finally be able to put my past
to bed
and when that's done after that
well i'll think about a new life how
i'll live what i can do
i think that sounds good at least you
don't sound as lame as you did before
well well seems like you've come to
appreciate my newfound sense of maturity
if you'd like to go out on a date
it might be a while before you find this
new life of yours
what is that supposed to mean these
dates are your way of connecting with
your daughter
to be the father you never could be
well gosh i keep telling you that you
shouldn't be saying these things out
loud
i guess i preferred it more when i was
just the creepy old guy asking a young
girl out on a date
that work okay so
daddy kagero let's drop the daddy bit
i don't think my fragile heart can take
it
looks like he's back to being his old
self that might be for the best
you're lazy as always you never change
[Music]
thank you for the compliment and you're
as stuffy and by the book as ever
i'll take that as a compliment thank you
very much
so how have things been with major
general fubuki lately
good why are you bringing him up
you rescued him when he was missing you
used your power at full speed to go look
for him remember
oh right a lot's happened since then and
i can't be bothered remembering such
trivial matters if you must know i think
he's still alive
that's good just like always
she'll never change will she how's ours
she doing
she seems strange to you no
did something happen i suddenly got a
message from her saying
good morning this has never happened
before
i thought it could be code for something
so i wondered if there was a problem
no there haven't been any problems she's
just lazing around on the sofa like her
usual self
skipping out on work again okay that's a
relief
sorry just let me know if anything
happens
he's such a worrywart but i guess i can
check for him
[Music]
are she you got a second i was thinking
about grabbing something to eat in town
in town uh i guess it's not so bad going
outside once in a while
so where are we going you are acting
strange
fabuki said what how rude you should be
mad at him for making you spy on me
that's a little much if you have a
problem with him you should message him
again
what changed i mean you messaged your
brother and even accepted an invitation
to eat out
i told you that i hate waste but it's
not necessarily bad
i thought i could fine-tune my lifestyle
a little
consider it a personal upgrade
your hair clip naomi's cooking and his
letters
i used to just write them off as a waste
but i started thinking that there could
be some things that weren't so bad
rsu 1.0 had a lot of flaws rsg 2.0 has
been operating for a long time
but i see some areas that can be
improved
in other words rsg 2.1 is currently
in open beta that's a weird analogy
well archie 2.1 doesn't seem so bad
i'd give it a play test thank you for
the feedback
i'll keep that in mind
[Music]
well we finished eating and i'm feeling
plenty energetic
i'm off to sleep then the fact that you
didn't say you were going to work means
that the update is pretty minor
if you change too much you're bound to
create errors
you have to stick to small changes
[Music]
is that letter i knew it
i thought she threw it out it's her
first sentimental item
archie 2.1 is proving to be quite the
major upgrade
[Music]
hassani i want to discuss the matter i
mentioned before
are you free right now yes i'm free why
don't we go to a cafe in suo
a cafe okay
[Music]
so what did you want to talk about
it's hard for me to bring up i have an
extremely embarrassing favor to ask
okay i understand this is uncomfortable
for you
we can talk about it some other time if
you'd like no
i'll find the courage i want to change
i've thought for a while how i want to
be friends with everyone
so i need to get better at talking i was
hoping you would let me practice my
conversation skills with you
practice conversation i can't imagine
i'd be the best person for that
i want it to be you you're easy to talk
to
well if i'm the one you want then i've
got no problem with that
oh good what do you want to talk about
though
anything specific what um
i'll pick a topic so um
how have you been lately lately
i haven't really had any issues i see
it's good not having any issues
yes well do you have a favorite food
or maybe food you hate not really
i see you're not picky
that's good uh-huh
uh um then
oh what do you think about the latest
trends in fashion
not sure fashion's never been my thing
i see my neither
um what else what can we talk about
i have to keep the conversation going
sagumi
calm down and take a deep breath
[Music]
i'm sorry i'm no good at this
it's just a thought but it might be
better to talk like you normally do
what what
there's no need to force a topic and
you'll have an easier time talking about
your own interests
like plants yes
but that won't be much practice
i need to be able to talk about more
things
or else nobody will have fun talking
with me
i have to talk about things everyone
else will enjoy
if i want to be friendly does that
everyone include me what why
because i've enjoyed all our
conversations really
really i don't know about everyone else
but i want to hear more about what you
have to say
but i always thought you were just
politely humoring me when i
talked i feel bad because i'm such a
slow talker
and i'm always being such a bother
i'm not an especially patient person if
i thought you were a bother
i just pick up and leave you know a lot
of things that i and many people don't
and you're always so considerate to
those around you putting them before
yourself
your kindness in some way reminds me of
naomi
whether you believe it or not i like the
time we spent together
sunny tsugumi
are you okay your face is flushed
i'm fine it's just that i never thought
you'd say something like that about me
i thought i had to change that i needed
to be different because i'm no good like
this
but if there are people like you who
think i'm fun the way i
am i might not be as bad as i thought
i'm sure i'm not the only one kaguro
yuito and everyone else at the hideout
probably feel the same way
we like you the way you are you think so
i certainly hope that's the case
[Music]
well i'll go on ahead
i'll see you back at the hideout um
i'm really glad i met you so
would you mind if i asked you one more
favor
that depends on what it is go ahead
could i be your friend if you're not
opposed to the idea
that's fine i'm not opposed at all but
what does being a friend mean
what do i need to do what i'm not really
sure now that you've asked
like talk together have tea together
talk about our troubles haven't we been
doing all of that already
right doesn't that mean we've been
friends for a while now
yes i guess it does
so i suppose we continue doing what
we've been doing
okay call me anytime
oh sunny i'm
sorry for being startled again it's fine
what are you doing the flowers bloomed
and i was looking at them
oh do you wanna see two you can see my
flowers
anytime they like when people look at
them
and so do i
[Music]
the togetsu agents contacted me i was
instructed to go to these coordinates
located on piano mountain
i plan to lure them out and gather intel
will you come with me
yes of course but there will be two of
us so wouldn't it be easier to just
round them up and capture them
it depends on what they do first let's
go where they asked me to and wait for
them to show themselves
okay let's head to hino mountain
that seems to be the last of them no
not yet i know you're there come out
i wouldn't have called out if we weren't
ready for you
now it's time to talk it looks like
you're the only one here
her face is identical to yours i
suspected it
you're also one of the design children
just so you know
restoring babes data is impossible even
with dr pope's knowledge of neuroscience
i'm sorry you wasted your time
impudent fool what do you mean
vain confidence is not advised in the
situation
we do not need the knowledge or the
technology we need your brain
the only brain that holds dr pope's
memories
you were going to use my brain to build
a new babe
huh babe prepared contingency plans for
all scenarios
the current situation is just one of
those if the mainframe goes down we use
a spare
togetsu merely needs to carry out the
plan faithfully
i feel sorry for you there isn't anyone
to give you orders anymore
yet you still obey you have nowhere else
to go
you don't know any other way to live you
can only carry out your orders
you should be feeling sorry for yourself
what did you say as long as i am serving
a higher purpose
i can live happily without worry or
hesitation
what about you you lost your purpose and
your value
doomed to live a scared and anxious life
you were listening in on us i do not
have to
i know how you feel you are the same as
i am
a worthless being only togetsu can give
us value
no i watch out
what
don't compare yourself to kyouka you're
nothing more than a mere puppet
and yes i do my fair share of worrying
but that's a far better way to live
it's better than being used on my life
like you
life is worth more when you make your
own decisions
it does not matter what you say your
true nature does not change
you should be well aware of this yes i
know
i'm sure i'll be living scared the rest
of my life but that's fine
kasana helped me realize that this fear
is proof that i freed myself from my
puppet strings
i control myself now whether i have dr
pope's memories or not
i'm still me the moment i freely chose
my own future i became the individual
kyoka
[Music]
i handed her over to the proper
authorities in suo
we should let the government take care
of the togetsu remnants
now that's that how are you feeling
i'm still uneasy but it's not bad now
that i know it's a part of me
do you remember that fortune teller
i remember waiting in the long line i
think
the reason why fortune reading is so
popular is because
everyone is afraid of the future you
think so
yes everyone takes each step forward
carrying that worry with them
i'd love to have my future read let's
make sure we actually go next time
in other words we have to wait in that
long line again
i'm glad she feels better
[Music]
until now i was your instructor and your
commander
but now you're the one leading me it
makes me emotional
i wonder if i'll have to watch you leave
the nest someday
i think you're getting ahead of yourself
i still count on you
[Music]
there's a workout i want to try would
you mind helping me
sure what do i need to do i'm going to
do some bench presses
and i need more than the equipment
weights so i want you to use your
psychokinesis to push the barbell down
isn't that dangerous it seems to me that
the weights you have now are enough of a
workout
no i want a bigger challenge please
okay i'll give it a shot
[Music]
you're not lifting the barbell up at all
do you want me to stop
using my psychokinesis no
just a little more i feel like i can do
it with just a little more
[Music]
he's either really persistent or really
stubborn
i failed to lift it a single millimeter
forgive me for wasting your time
learning that workouts like this are
unrealistic makes it not a waste
that's harsh it's going to be harder to
reach my goal than i thought
why are you in such a rush you should
have recognized that this was going to
be impossible
i want to surpass my limits you made me
realize that the last time we talked
i was too caught up with having or not
having my abilities
the important thing is what you do not
the method in which you do it
i guess i did say something like that
when i sat down and thought about what i
wanted to do
a goal came to mind however the goal
proved to be too big
something i couldn't achieve without
changing
what is it to build a society in which
duds are treated equally to others
right now in new himuka people without
abilities are treated like they don't
even exist
that's true i didn't even learn the term
bell pepper until the other day
the reason i'm so scared of losing my
abilities
is because i'm well aware of the state
of our society
if that doesn't change then duds like me
will never be rid of that underlying
anxiety
you're right that is a big goal but i
don't know how it relates to that
reckless training we just did
i thought i could break through my
psychological shell and grow as a person
by surpassing the limits of my physical
body
if i'm going to change the entire
country by myself
then i can't stay the way i am i need to
work even harder
if i don't i'll never be able to
accomplish it
i mean it may be too large of a goal for
me to ever accomplish on my own either
way
yes this might be a bigger problem than
what you can fix on your own
but that doesn't mean it can't be
accomplished
look what are you doing if you carry it
with your psychokinesis
it eliminates the whole purpose of the
workout in that case
i think the workout is unreasonable to
begin with
you certainly are right about that
what i'm trying to say is that this
barbell is the same as the problem with
society
you don't need to try and take
everything on by yourself
there's something each of us can do
nobody can change a country by
themselves
so why don't we just work together as a
group i
see your point but i don't know if i'm
capable of inspiring people to act
like my brother you remember what i said
but not what you said yourself what
those with strong wills naturally drop
people to them
you said that right now you have a clear
goal and will
i'm sure there will be people who will
help you if you asked
i see i suppose i can't argue against
myself
it seems like i misunderstood what i
need to do
i thought i needed to become stronger
without anyone's help
but really i was just making excuses
because i was afraid to try
once you take the first step i doubt
you'll find it that hard
easier said than done but you're correct
i can't just stand here forever once the
fighting ends i'll do what i can
i'll raise support as i face this
nation's issues
even if things don't change right away
one day
duds like me will be able to live their
lives in the open
unashamed of who they are i'll help you
however i can too
thank you very much then could you start
by returning the barbell
i'd like to resume my workout okay but
you're not going to do anything reckless
again right
of course not i'll be doing my normal
workout
the best way to exercise is to go at
your own pace
you still put on all the weights though
i said that i would not be reckless
not that i would go easy here we go
you really are stubborn but maybe that's
what makes you who you are
15 16 17.
it doesn't seem like he's listening he's
having too much fun
i'll leave him alone
because of the way i look people
sometimes mistake me for a child
you've always treated me as an equal
though i don't care how people look
it's good to not have prejudices i'm
[Music]
grateful
perfect do you want to come to kikuchiba
with me
kikuchiba what for there's something i
want to talk to you about
i thought we could change locations like
we did when we went to mizuhogawa
that's fine but don't worry about
packing a lunch for us this time
i think it'll take too long let's just
get going
oh okay then let's head over to
kikuchiba
he looks like he wanted to make lunch
for us
[Music]
hey do you remember when we came here
together before
a lot has happened since then before
when was that you know when we went
looking for captain setto's fountain pen
you said you were doing a background
check
oh that i met him for naomi's sake
and got the fountain pen for captain
seto now neither of them are with us
anymore
back then i had no idea that we'd get
caught up in something that involved the
whole world
not just us but everyone around us too
it's nothing we could have expected
you're right
hello sorry to interrupt two large
groups of others were confirmed near you
there are a lot of them more than you
usually see around there
it shouldn't be a problem for you guys
but be careful just in case
affirmative what do you want to do
let's split up that'll be quicker okay
then i'll take this side i'll contact
you again once i take down a few
all right let's both be careful
there's more of them than i thought how
are things with you yuito
sunny
i can't hear you yuito haruka do you
know what's going on
neither of them are responding our
signal is being jammed
sas is down too i need to get through
this somehow
looks like i'm surrounded i'll take care
of them
sas still seems to be down
that still didn't do it i need to watch
him closely to sync up with him when the
time is right
now
oh that was a close one
it was i wasn't really all that worried
i assumed you would act when you did i
was nervous
i guess we can work together even
without sas
i don't think i could have pulled it off
with someone else thank you for getting
the timing right
it's nice to hear a compliment from you
you're always so harsh
am i well whatever let's make our way to
the top
you get a good view of new himuka from
up here
so what did you want to talk to me about
i wanted to ask you about your plans
after all the fighting is over
that's a difficult question how about
you
what are you thinking i have a vague
idea
it might be too grand so you'll probably
laugh
i won't laugh no matter what it is
thanks i
want to change the world change the
world
yeah we've both seen a lot of bad things
in this country
the world that we live in now is built
on so much sadness and sacrifice
that's true suo ceyron and togetsu
there were people suffering everywhere
so many people's lives were turned
upside down because of the desire for
the strongest power
or using powers to alter time it's got
to end
this world can't exist just for powers
that's why i want to change the world to
make it a place where people don't have
to rely on powers for everything
[Music]
i know it will take a long time but i
feel like as a dud
i'm the perfect person for it a
dud that's right how's your head
they were saying you might lose your
power no big change at the moment
but if it really comes down to it i'm
prepared to become one again
you're pretty calm about it the way you
were talking
i thought you would be a little
depressed i mean
it will be inconvenient but you know
what
i'm not the least bit afraid i thought
the same thing
when the network went down like i was
fighting back to back with you
even without sas you thought the same
thing
i wonder if that's what it feels like to
lose your power
we're not just connected by sas
even if we can't see each other's faces
or hear each other's voices
the most important thing our connection
doesn't go away
so i'll be all right that's good
when we first met i honestly thought i
wouldn't be able to count on you in a
fight
[Music]
i kind of had a feeling you thought that
but you're different now i think you
really can change the world
thank you don't mention it
i'm relieved as well i feel like i can
leave this world to you
cleve what are you planning to do
well i haven't decided on a clear goal
yet
but i've sort of been thinking of
something outside this world
like outside of new hamuka
you mean the moon i've been thinking
about it ever since i heard humanity
came here from the moon
outside this world is another world that
i know nothing about
filled with people who are a mystery to
me
they're suffering just like the people
here
they are attacked by others and turning
into them
once i realized that i couldn't ignore
it i thought maybe i could help somehow
the moon i thought i understood the
first time i heard about it
but the scale is just too big it doesn't
seem real at all
i certainly never thought about saving
the people that lived there
you really are amazing
[Music]
i'm not amazing at all i just don't want
to regret neglecting the people i could
have protected
my sister always watched over me she
protected me all my life
now it's my turn to watch over someone
else
i always felt that you were the kind of
person that would step up to protect
people
even if you're alone it's almost as if
you're not afraid of anything
i looked up to you when i was a kid i
wanted to be just like you
i think you're plenty like me and you're
giving me too much credit thinking i'm
never afraid
as you said before the most important
connections
never go away you mean naomi
not just her the memories of my mother
and the time i spent with all of you the
only reason i'm not as afraid as i
should be
is because i know they'll always be with
me i know that they'll always be here
inside my heart so
even if you're alone you're never really
alone
i kind of like that that's why i feel
like i can go anywhere
even going beyond the sky
i know that sounds like a dream i think
you can do it
no i know you can
thank you so it looks like you and i
will be going our separate ways
it won't just be us i think everyone
will find their own path
and slowly drift farther apart
yeah i'd be lying if i said it didn't
make me sad
but even apart we're still friends
yeah okay
we should probably get back to the
hideout there's so much to do before and
after a fight
we just have to take care of what's in
front of us
though listening to you made me excited
for the future
it won't be easy for either of us so
let's do our best
both in our own places absolutely
i promise i'll make a better future no
matter how long it takes
you can take your time but if you take
too long i'll bring peace to the moon
and come back before you're done
oh so it's a competition now i know you
hate to lose
wait i have something i wanted to give
you
here will you accept this
this is for me this is an ear cuff did
you make this
yeah this ear cuff always protected me
so i wanted to give you something that
would protect you too
[Music]
oh it doesn't have any memory saving
functions
but it can act as a good luck charm or
rather
a charm to protect your memories
thank you it's beautiful i'll treasure
it
i'm glad you like it i just really
wanted to give it to you
you've been someone i admire both an
ally
and a friend i can't sum it up in just
one word
what i can say about you though is that
there isn't anyone like you
[Music]
i guess it makes sense you wouldn't have
many friends who attempted to end their
life
[Music]
you bring up a good point although you
did save my life when we first met
i guess that just happened for you
though
you mean when you were a child i can't
believe you remember my face from so
many years ago
[Music]
yeah i never forgot i remember
everything
it almost feels imprinted at this point
something told me that this is the face
of someone who would save me
that's how happy i was it gives me
strength whenever i think about it
it makes me believe that i have someone
on my side out there
and i want to be that person for you
that's what i want you to think of when
you look at that ear cuff
no matter where you are or what it is
you're going through
i will always be on your side and you
can count on that
yes i'll never forget that
[Music]
okay well i gave you everything i wanted
to
let's head back to the hideout now i'll
go back a little later
you go on ahead ah got it
then i'll see you back at the hideout
everything is so vast the sky
the field you can almost get lost in it
it's okay i can do this
wherever i am even if i'm alone
now let's go
hey cassane remember how i called you a
lone wolf before
now that i think about it i was wrong
you're no lone wolf
you're the one carrying everyone i feel
like that's more your specialty really
i think you're pretty good at it
yourself all of us count on you
including me i finally heard from major
general fubuki
he asked us to head to sumeraghi tomb
right away
apparently the chief will be there kaito
actually what's my brother's status now
he's still the acting chief but most of
his authority has been transferred and
no one has seen much of him lately
my guess is that the government is going
to make him take the fall for everything
and abandon him
the chief might have decided to help us
because he knows that's what they're
going to do
as long as he helps us it's fine now
let's head to sumagi tomb
kaito so you finally made it
you want inside the sumaragi tomb
correct
right in order to close the cunad gate
there's something we need to check
inside the tomb
if karen really is inside then he is the
key to closing it
if huh not only is everything
circumstantial
doesn't sound very credible either is
this really what you choose to stake
everything on
very well if you do indeed manage to
save the world
it will reflect quite nicely on the
sumaragi name
is that all that matters hanabi
it doesn't matter what he says as long
as he helps us
i've disabled the security for the
entrance close the cunad gate
[Music]
i heard you stopped togetsu's plan
you managed to avenge her you did what i
had set up to do
so you knew about mom's death
dad and i we vowed that we'd destroy
togetsu one day
this isn't what i imagined
but it looks like dad and i got our wish
kaito
go do what you need to do
this is the path you've chosen
thank you
yakima tsumuragi should be sleeping in
here
let's find out whether our theory was
right if it's actually the former major
general to travel to the past
so this is what it's like inside
sumaragi tomb
i thought it'd be gloomier since it's a
tomb yakumo's got a good thing going
here
we need to go down those stairs go
all the way down i don't think there's
any danger to worry about
let's take them i don't see any other
way down
good job pretty sure you've reached the
bottom floor
oh we finally made it looks like there's
only a single path from here
there's a big space up ahead
that's probably where yakima is sleeping
i guess we just need to move forward i
was worried it might be amazing here to
prevent grave robbing
stay on your toes just because nothing's
happened so far doesn't mean that it
i just felt something in my brain what
i didn't feel anything
what's going on what's happening signal
is deteriorating
damn we lost the transmission
where are we is this suo's osf
headquarters
how did we get here all of a sudden oh
maybe there was some sort of
teleportation trap
just calm down and take a better look
around you
something doesn't seem quite right the
city looks a little off
this feeling i remember it from before
are we inside a brain field that is
certainly a possibility
since i felt something interfere with my
brain this could be a measure to confuse
intruders
or
others this is what happened when we
went to the kronos terminal
get ready to fight
seems like we managed to kill all the
others around here but our situation
hasn't improved
much we haven't been able to reach
haruko or water
either we should huh
karen
[Music]
as of today alice ichijo is now an
official member
[Music]
congratulations alice the three of us
are together again
it also seems like we have a mission for
our new platoon i'm going to show you
two who the real star member is
i just hope the newbies over enthusiasm
doesn't make her do something reckless
oh really you know i heard a certain
somebody got written up for disobeying
orders
fabuki i mean that was your 50th
write-up
that's quite the milestone how could i
not share it
they say you're a shoe-in for septetrion
karen but i guess you've got some issues
with your superiors
i don't intend to follow orders i don't
agree with
[Music]
that's so like you oh i guess that just
means you'll have to climb to the top of
the osf
sounds like too much trouble i'm not
interested in looking after people
weaker than me
fabuki can do all that instead
you say that but you always look after
your friends in the end you're usually
more helpful than i am
i think you're more suited to run things
than me actually i bet you're really
gunning for the position
stop trying to hide it you've been
gunning for the top position from the
very beginning
listen to the two of you honestly just
take the top two positions and you're
all set
that's a good idea if we take the
current organization and break them into
regiments
[Music]
stop with the creepy laugh don't worry i
don't do it in front of anyone else
you'd do so much better in life if you
just learned how to have an outside
persona
not having a facade is one of karn's
better qualities
although it wouldn't hurt you to learn
to have one so you wouldn't get written
up so much
[Music]
what did we just see major general
fubuki
and karen right and then alice
oh right she was your aunt the three of
them were childhood friends
that brought back some memories funny i
had forgotten the color of karen's hair
back then
now it's completely different from lucas
that's right
it's a pretty rare phenomenon so it may
have something to do with my brother's
powers
that looked like it was from when alice
first entered the force
that would make it over 20 years ago
if this was a brain field then i guess
it would make sense for it to be
affected by someone's memories or
emotions
i'm not entirely sure what that was but
first we should figure out how to get
out of here
staying here won't help let's see what's
up ahead
[Music]
damn
i see this one's stronger than the rest
fall back and regroup
[Music]
are you all right yeah
uh well thank you for saving me
keep your guard up idiot you're right
sorry how many times have you saved me
now
nobody's counting
[Music]
are you two okay good
looks like you're all right yeah this
idiot just messed up again
i handled it there's the tough act again
you need to take better care of yourself
you're hurt
what i'm sorry you got hurt because of
me
let me take a look it's just a scratch
alice is tired stay with her fabuki
i'm gonna check on the remaining teams
we'll need to regroup the platoon if
we're gonna kill that other
[Music]
hey karin
it's gone that one also had to do with
karen
this field maybe it's something he
generated
to prevent anyone from getting close to
where he's sleeping
even if that were the case why show us
these memories
i'd think he would rather keep them
secret i agree
my brother doesn't talk about himself
much nor does he like to
the memories are probably mixed in
subconsciously
where are we now doesn't seem like we're
any closer
just look at the size of this place how
are they generating something so
huge this brain field feels much larger
than what a single psionic should be
able to generate
huh what is that
[Music]
seems like we finally got it do you
think it's just a coincidence that the
other we saw from his memory appeared
i heard that being inside a brain field
for a long period of time
will eventually manifest your emotions
and memories
that makes sense if karen is the one who
made this field
that memory where he protected alice
must be affecting things
then staying here any longer could be
dangerous
yes we should hurry it seems like the
field goes on further ahead
[Music]
apparently the extinction belt has
dropped near the surface
this has never happened before with all
these others around
this is turning out to be a tough
mission
[Music]
what
alice
[Music]
no alice is that you
alice morphed into another after coming
into contact with the extinction belt
i had no idea the extinction belt could
drop that low and close to the surface
i've heard that it's a rare occurrence
i've never seen it drop that low myself
[Music]
hey notice anything about that other
yes she was one of the ones who helped
us fight alongside naomi
i see so that other really was her
did you guys meet aunt alice i think
she's supposed to be in seyran's
laboratory
we just figured it out now ourselves
alice has already passed away
[Music]
if that's true then karen used the red
strings as soon as he found out about
her death
which means my brother is after we'll
know when we see him
there's no doubt that he's here i know
everyone has a lot of questions
but don't forget what we came here to do
we're here to get his help
what alice
i failed again
[Laughter]
i'm tired of my own incompetence i've
failed to save her
again this history is unnecessary
if arohabaki was right i can just start
over from the beginning again
as many times as i need to
use the red strings for alice
[Music]
what was that it's like karen's thoughts
were inside my head
so him going back in time was to save
alice
what does he mean by as many times as he
needs to
and he mentions something about
arahabaki
right even if he goes back to change the
past it doesn't necessarily mean alice
will be saved
the future is always uncertain once he
determines he can't save her
he goes back to the past to change
history all over again and repeats the
process
so he's going to keep jumping through
time until that alice is saved
wait he time traveled after that right
but alice is still dead at this time
he went back to the past but history
hasn't
changed so he failed
i've never seen my brother like that
before do you think he'll listen to us
either way he's our only lead we have to
get him to cooperate
is that karen or should we call him
yakumo
he really was here i guess he woke up
from his cold sleep
wait some kind of device is active here
[Music]
uh
what yakima what's going on
there are two currents
why are you here what is going on
yeah that's what i would like to know i
tried to travel back 2000 years ago but
was rejected
what explain to me why the time travel
failed
i helped you back at our hibaki's secure
site
however
you what are you talking about
hand over all of the information
what did he just get absorbed
looks like i was right to worry that's
what happens when you meet yourself
i haven't the slightest clue of what's
going on but does this mean karin failed
to travel to the past
what is this memory so i do need his
power after all
now what are you doing in this place
we need your help to close the kunar
gate please
help us we heard what you were saying
when you traveled two thousand years in
the past you created an entanglement
the kunan gate won't close as long as
the entanglement still exists
so we need you to come with us so we can
unravel
no
how tedious i figured you'd resort to
force
i guess even you couldn't maintain the
red strings with your power
that's why you needed to copy it again
don't bother resisting i will obtain the
red strings
where did you even learn about the red
strings
from arahabaki or more accurately
my own memory inside it as you saw
we are one now so yakima was connected
to it while in cold sleep
how could they incorporate a living
human into arahabaki
why are you so surprised do you know how
many brains are living connections to
arahabaki
so it was a biocomputer comprised of
brains like babe
when our brains were being hacked at
arahabaki secure site
and there was that weird brain field
that was all done by yakima by you
it seems that way the version of me that
was in cold sleep used arahabaki to
generate that brain field
in order to conceal this location
so you were connected to it from here
gathering all kinds of information over
the last 2 000 years without anyone even
knowing
i understand why you want to time travel
but that'll just create another
entanglement
so what i'll do whatever i have to do in
order to time travel again
karen so you have no intention of
helping us
just listen please i know you have your
reasons
and i know there's a whole lot going on
between new himuka and the moon
but we can't fix anything if the world
ends
we need to make things right we need to
create a new future that won't
bring about our destruction
this timeline isn't worth saving i will
change the past
and i will make it work this time
i understand that you want to save alice
but that
i don't need you to understand
you will help me even if i must break
you to obtain your aim
[Music]
no matter how much you use your power
alone all it takes for
us to use the sash
we won't let you get away with this so
easily please just talk to us karen
shut up you're all so endlessly annoying
what
[Music]
karen
karin what's going on
i see 2 thousand years
now thousands of memories and hopes
nothing more than stepping stones to me
you this world
and still
impossible
no way current
is that you
karin please do not stand up you can't
take anymore
[Music]
karin i won't
i won't let things end here
what is this everyone be careful
something's yeah
what
[Music]
not yet
and now oh
i'm not like you i won't erase the proof
of all the hard work my sister went
through in her life
as long as i remember her she will live
on
that's why i'm not alone
don't tell me they got you
don't fail
so you're all right i was worried about
you
all right let's do our best you were the
one making everyone worried
not like i was freaked out
can you handle it yours truly has
arrived
[Music]
i know right we figured you were almost
by yourself
[Music]
i'm sure everyone else is connected too
time for stealth
come on
[Music]
ah
i should have guessed as much i believe
to see you're okay
now use our powers decision i can't let
my brother's plan succeed
let's fight
[Music]
i know
let's get rid of them
let's use it
i will never accept this world
how could i i refuse to accept it
oh
i made it thank goodness
yuicho
you're always saving my life so i
thought i should probably return the
favor
not like i was keeping track
but thank you
is
hiruto
let's do it i'm never
going to stop next time
next time i will not fail
it's not just our power it's all of our
powers working as a team
as one our bonds give us strength
[Music]
yes
[Applause]
[Music]
not like this if i lose here
it will all have been for nothing
i have but one wish in this world
and it is tonight me
give up you fought and lost
we're done here you don't have to keep
doing this karin
yes i do i can still
karen
out of my wife fabuki please
it's time to stop this i never knew how
much pain you bottled up inside
damn you listen to me
please karen you've suffered long enough
i beg of you put this burden down
alice would never want you to torture
yourself like this
shut up
karen the world is cruel
but you have to find a way to live
within it
this world without alice
you just have to accept it you must
we both do live on
live for her
[Music]
[Applause]
please we need your help
i'll ask you once again come to the
kronos terminal with us
and unravel the entanglement
i know the pain of never being able to
see a loved one again
so i won't ask you to accept it
willingly
but i can't let you have your way i
don't want to destroy the future of this
world
you went back to the past repeatedly
since no matter how hard you tried
you didn't get the result you wanted
think of the people who care about you
end this for their sake
join us help us protect our future
help us build a better tomorrow
so this is what they mean by the end
[Music]
then that leaves me with only one choice
so you'll do it i'll grant you your wish
however are you sure you only want to
close the kunan gate
you should have already realized its
potential for buki
you mean kaito sumaragi's plan to have
the cunad gate consume the extinction
belt
i see we closed the cunad gate
and at the same time take care of our
other problem
but the plan my brother spoke of isn't
feasible i can't move the extinction
belt with just my power
you mean our gravokinesis he's right
even with our combined efforts we're not
strong enough to do that
yous are a hibaki
if it's a biocomputer then it might be
possible to raise the cap of your powers
by connecting your brains through the
sas
it is possible arahabaki has spent
centuries running simulations there
shouldn't be a problem
you wanted to eradicate the extinction
belt that turned alice into another as
well
will ueto and kassani's brains be able
to withstand the extra output from
arahabaki
it's too dangerous if there's even the
slightest chance we can do it
we have to try if it's theoretically
possible
it's worth testing
then let's get ready we'll need to pull
some strings in order to use arahabaki
i'll look after karen
we should head to the kunar gate
does that make karin my ancestor
yuito
i'll be right there
you're copying our powers but only
because
we're letting you don't make me regret
this karen
don't worry i'll close the count gate
arahabaki is ready karen should be ready
too
we're going to connect through the sas
to help you while operating the link
with aura hibachi
yuito we got this
we'll be supporting the two of you
through the sas as well
let's all make this a success
this is going to tax all of you but we
need your help
i just know everything is going to work
out
we can do it we've been able to come
this far because we've worked together
i finished connecting arahabaki
all right let's start opening
sas connection to arahabaki
wow so this is our pockets
dammit so much power
feels like i'm going to [__] out
the extinction felt it's still not
moving
i have to find a way to control this
power
just focus on the extinction belt give
it your all
i'll take care of controlling
we've been connected to it for 2 000
years now
all right then do it karen
we trust you if you want to save this
world
then show me the strength of your
resolve
yueito
all right we've got movement the
extinction belt is getting sucked into
the kunai gate like we planned
oh wow the extinction belt is
fading away we did it
thank you karin
the extinction belt's no longer a threat
from here we can go directly to the
chronos terminal
right keep your focus on the red strings
[Music]
now finally the last one
hey karin
i can't give up not after all these
years
i'll go to the past and find a timeline
where alice lives
no you can't hold on
i told you to show me the strength of
your resolve
this time i won't claim yakima's life
[Music]
the final entanglement will be
eliminated
but that you're going
to sacrifice your own life
this is it one last jump through time
no don't do this
[Music]
i
what
this is the red strings
but how
[Music]
alice
i'm sorry
take care of her for me
[Music]
where did he what just happened
look the kunan gate
[Music]
beautiful
does that mean we pulled it off
the cunad gate no longer seems to exist
yeah that flood of red we saw everywhere
that was the red strings wasn't it
which means
[Music]
by traveling into the past i wonder if
we
changed the world for the better
more than just the kunan gate closing
you mean
oh sorry about zoning out there guys
not used to the sky being pretty good to
go haruka
i've been good to go for a while hurry
up water
we saved the world didn't we
we didn't just prevent the future
apocalypse
we eliminated the extinction belt too
thanks to karen we won
yeah he made a new future
[Music]
all of us did
it's beautiful
i wish you could see it
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
uh
[Music]
oh
um
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
okay so this is what we could find out
we'll need to do a more thorough
investigation but most of it concides
with the history we know
but there's major general fabuki
we've received several reports from all
areas that the extinction belt has
dissipated
and the kunan gate suddenly disappeared
what in the world happened here
i'll send a detailed report later first
we need to contact the new hamuka
government
you're here too
alice what
why are you so startled oh you're with
them too hanabi
what
alice it's you
wait if you're here
then what about then
what about karen
karin
i don't know him
do i
i was thinking of going to cunad highway
tomorrow since it's ready
i'd be happy if you'd all join me
[Music]
do you want to know what it is
oh kasane
[Music]
you're finally here sorry
am i late it doesn't look like major
general fubuki is here yet
uh who does he think he is keeping me
waiting
oh maybe i'll take a nap
it's not so bad for a loner like me but
for those of you with family and friends
it's tough to keep track of what changed
and what didn't
the world left us behind saying it like
that
sounds pretty lonely
[Music]
it's nice to have you guys to share
these complicated feelings with though
[Music]
it's unfortunate that even though
history was rewritten
naomi and the others are still dead yeah
but she found a reason to live i have to
accept it and live myself
you are so strong i have to keep working
hard until i retire too
that's so you i knew i could count on
you
[Music]
i guess people will say i'm a stick in
the mud
well even if i've started to age there
should still be some time before my
power starts
to weaken i plan to do all i can in the
osf
until my superiors order me to retire
and after that you're going to help
create the new system right
yeah yuito said he wanted to change this
country like i did
so i'm thinking i want to help him do
that i see
he must be happy about your support you
should think about treating him to your
cooking sometime
i bet your skills have improved yeah
i've gotten pretty confident
i also expanded my repertoire
although i have to follow naomi's
recipes or ones i found on the cooking
database
besides i started a new hobby sagumi is
teaching me how to garden
sounds like you're living life to the
fullest i'm sure you'll find even more
hobbies at this rate
i guess you won't have anything to worry
about when you finally retire
that would be good by the way i heard
you were participating in the lunar
surface survey project
yes people are probably suffering there
like my sister did
i was surprised when i first heard what
a part of me
also understood it was so like you
something really outside the box
i can't even imagine what challenges are
waiting for you
but i'm sure you'll be able to get
through them
yes i'm confident that's what i like to
hear
go follow your heart i'll be watching
over you from down here
and i'll be watching over you from the
[Music]
moon
karin traveling through time and alice
being alive
there has to be some sign of causality
here
it's like an exaggerated butterfly
effect
trying to figure it out would be a waste
of time frankly it was a miracle
i hate saying something so illogical
though
what are you going to do me
i don't have any big plans i'll just
stay in the osf and it'll be the same
old same old
i could just retire and sleep all day
but
such a sudden lifestyle change sounds
like a pain
because you're worried about major
general fubuki
do you think i'd do something so
illogical well
it's not like i don't plan to look in on
him sometimes
i just don't want him to go messing
around somewhere and have to go running
to help him
that sounds like worrying well you're
free to interpret
things that way if you want being
stubborn will only expend needless
energy
i want to increase the energy efficiency
to coincide with rshe version 2.1's
official release
now if only i could put an end to
keeping up that fake smile for the osf's
pr work
uh i want to go to the moon too
you heard i was going to the moon yeah
since i'm in charge of pr anyways that's
quite an idea leaving earth
i have trouble just leaving the house
however
that's an interesting viewpoint i'm a
little interested in space development
especially zero gravity just floating
effortlessly and sipping soda out of a
straw
that's the dream even with version 2.1
you're still the same old arishi
enough joking around kasane you chose a
pretty hard path
just try your best and promise you'll
come back safely
okay i promise so will you be updated to
your next version by the time i come
back
hmm i didn't even think about it but
that's possible
i don't know what the future holds well
let's just say you'll have to wait and
see when you come back
perhaps the reason we know that history
has changed
is because we were connected to you via
sas
due to some effect of the red string's
power we weren't affected by the change
thanks to that my brother will not be
forgotten
regardless of the outcome i think that
was good
you were worried about losing your power
has anything changed
there is no change currently though i am
sure that like yuito
the possibility of losing my power is
still present
i don't feel as uneasy or impatient as i
did before though
and i did have you to listen to me
i'll do what i can now i'll fulfill my
duty as an osf
soldier and slowly change this country
a country where being a dud is in a
disadvantage
yes think of it as an offering to my
brother's memory
i was suffering in secret just like my
brother
worrying about what could happen because
i was a dud should i say condolences
about karen
i haven't been able to really accept
what's happened yet
me neither i'm still coming to terms
with this new world
it's such a strange feeling we're the
only ones left from before the timeline
change
you're right the entire world changed
without us
that's not something that happens every
day
i once said that my brother is possessed
by powers
perhaps in the end my brother was
manipulated by the tremendous power of
the red strings
or perhaps my brother was happy to
fulfill his wish
using that power i don't know but he
probably doesn't have any regrets
he doesn't seem like the type yes
that is how he was i won't forget about
karen
thank you
karin talked to me a few times when i
was a cadet
he was so nice too at the time i
wondered
why me there's nothing special about me
i finally understand it was because i
look so much like anne alice
you know a lot about ceyron city right
kasane
we should go sometime i want to learn
about cities other than
suo like what kind of people live there
and the lives they lead
sure i don't know too much but i can
show you around
thanks so when would be good
we should probably do it soon why
well i heard that you're joining the
project that's going to the moon
then you know the planning and
preparations will take time
so it's not like i'm leaving right away
i realized that you were going somewhere
but i didn't think it'd be the moon i
was just so surprised how far ahead
you're thinking
i think it's a really amazing decision
it's not that amazing
i'm just doing what i want to that's
what makes it amazing
i mean we're talking about the moon it's
really far away
do you think it's reckless no
i already told you before i'll always
have your back
no matter what path you decide to take i
mean
we're friends distance doesn't matter
between friends
even if it's from the earth to the moon
thank you i feel so much better knowing
that you're cheering me on from earth
and i'll be cheering you on from the
moon i know you'll be able to tell yuito
how you
da don't say it out loud
really i think it's important anyway
good luck yeah but if you say you're
going to be cheering me on from the moon
i'll get embarrassed every time i look
up at it
you're strange knobby what
that goes for you too
[Music]
even if it's just a little at a time
if we can reduce the number of others
then we'll be able to walk around
outside more freely
i'm sure that there are lots of forests
and fields of flowers i haven't seen in
the world
someday i'd like to look for places like
that
i bet there are plants i've never seen
on the moon too that's probably true
but why are you planning to go to the
moon
no you i heard you were going to the
oh so you knew not right away but that's
my plan
so it's true i won't be able to have tea
and talk with you face to face once it
happens
can i ask why
did you hear about metamorphosis
happening on the moon
if people there are suffering like naomi
i don't want to idly watch from the
sidelines
i actually thought i wanted to go to the
moon too
but when i talked to kagero about it he
told me
absolutely not he really cares about you
i'm sure he's just worried yeah
but this whole time i had regrets
i was shocked when naomi transformed in
front of me
i couldn't do anything it's not like me
going would change anything
and a changing environment really makes
me anxious
but still still you wanted to go to the
moon to help someone
yes besides i'm also interested in moon
vegetation
if you're serious about it then you'll
be able to convince kaguro
besides it'd be reassuring to have you
come with me
it was so easy when we teamed up for my
first training exercise back when i
joined the osf
yes it was easy for me too
because you were so confident for a
rookie
i'm going to try to convince kagura
i mean i don't really need to
he should understand once he realizes
i'm serious
yes let's go together i'll help you
collect moon plants
that would be great
[Music]
i've seen many generations these past
2000 years
but there hasn't been one quite as
shocking as this
well i suppose it won't be that bad to
be buried in this era
it looks like togetsu's cryogenic sleep
device is stopped too
so i guess that means i need to be awake
and live
well i'm destined to go to prison at
least i'll have work to absorb me until
then
yeah you should make up for what you did
i'm prepared for that anyway i hear
you're going to the moon
yes i suppose the moon is your home
do you want to go back hmm i don't think
so
that feeling is gone so
you don't have any connection to it now
that's complicated too
i linger over it sometimes like i want
to know what happened to my family
i know they're not alive anymore there
might not even be any trace of them
even so i want some clue maybe i want to
see what kind of lives the two of them
led
and what the moon is like now then you
should come to the moon too
then abandon the responsibility of what
i did here
i can't do that that's too selfish
you can come after you pay for your
crimes i'd feel reassured if i knew you
were coming eventually
that's unexpected do you really rely on
me that much
no i just think shin daniel's knowledge
would be useful
so i'll be waiting for you on the moon
you can be surprisingly kind sometimes
i hope my tsugumi grew up to be like
that
[Music]
you're tsugumi oh right i didn't tell
you
don't tell anyone it's awkward my
daughter's name is tsugumi
her hair was a lot like yours i see
that's why you were so pushy about our
date i always wanted to go somewhere
with my daughter when she was grown
well the only part of you that's like
her is your hair
because i'm sure my daughter grew up to
be a much kinder
stronger smarter and well-behaved
individual
[Music]
like our tsugumi i don't get the wrong
idea
i was first drawn by her name but that
was just the start
i know she's not my daughter i like our
sagumi for who she is
she's a really good girl she'd be glad
to know that
so what are you going to do are you
coming to the moon
i think i'll leave the preliminary
surveying to you while i do my time
that's not too much to ask is it fine
but i'll put you to work when you
finally get there
[Music]
you're going to join the lunar surface
survey project too right casane
i wonder if my power will reach the moon
it probably won't though
i actually run an osf fan site so i want
to post news about you on the moon
it's not just you though i want to post
updates and share with everyone on the
net about
all the people that go there from the
osf i got it
what if you write some kind of lunar
diary while you're there
then we can turn it into a book i'll
help
[Music]
i'm thinking of applying for the lunar
surface survey project
there's so much drama hanging out with
you you're so
eccentric i was only logistical support
here
so i hope i get out there together with
you on the moon
i like getting exercise i'll have your
back too
let's do our best
it looks like the new himuka government
is dismantling the togetsu faith
the design children there will probably
be dealt with too
as they should be i hope that the
information togetsu has can help this
country's future
that also includes my knowledge
however i think the moon is the best
place for my knowledge to be put to use
because you have dr pope's knowledge yes
also dr pope was from there i hope i can
use this knowledge to help the moon
these memories have given me a hard time
but if they can be of use
maybe they're worth it to pay my debts
debts it brought you so much grief i
think it'll be good to get revenge on
the moon
yes but one of the reasons i was born
was to carry on these memories
also lately i've started thinking that
dr pope's memories are a part of me too
maybe i've had a change of heart i
see i'm glad it's thanks to you that i
could think this way
thank you for giving me a chance at a
second life
you chose this life yourself it's not
like i created it for you
if you hadn't faced the togetsu remnants
with me i'm sure i would still be a
prisoner to my past
so i wanted to repay you i mean
this is what i really wanted i don't
know if i'll get permission since i used
to be a togetsu spy
i put in a request to join the lunar
surface survey project
if they allow me i'll be able to look
after you
i can take care of myself no
i might have you help me with something
other than cooking if you want
oh that makes me so happy i'll be sure
to bring you plenty of charms
[Music]
i thought that if history changed and
alice was alive
maybe captain seto was too but we
weren't so lucky
he's gone i feel like i understood karen
just a little for a moment
but i wouldn't want to do the same thing
heard you were going to the moon yes
that's right
how selfish i'll be glad to have you
gone
you've had me running all over the place
what are you going to do sheedan
don't ask questions you know the answer
to i'm staying in the osf
so they have to recognize my strength
i thought you'd stop to worrying about
what other people think
[Music]
i'm not worried about what other people
think i want to have more of a voice in
the osf
fighting between ceyron and suo hasn't
completely died down yet
the cities will need to continue
improving their relationship
i don't want bloodthirsty idiots who
don't know anything giving me orders
well
you surprisingly put some thought into
this i figured you were only interested
in making yourself stronger
of course i still want to be stronger
but that won't be enough to beat you
i thought you were like me but then you
said you wanted to go to the moon
i've started to look at the big picture
as well as the future because
i don't want to lose to you
that wasn't my intention but it's good
to have a broad perspective
besides you might finally gain the
composure you need to lead a platoon
you're looking down on me again oh well
you should know that i'm going to beat
you one of these days
maybe not now but one day
so you can't just leave without a
rematch
okay we'll meet again i did i didn't say
i wanted to see you
but but i'm also not saying i don't
major general fabuki is a little late
maybe i should contact him
by the way do you want to talk to the
others
[Music]
no it's fine
sorry for keeping everyone waiting
when's the last time everyone got
together like this
i'm glad to see nobody's changed it
hasn't been that long
i've been so busy i actually lost track
of time
man i need a break that makes sense
since you've had to deal with the media
every day
seriously good work it appears there
hasn't been much change with the others
in this area
while new others haven't appeared since
the extinction belt dissipated
it's not like the ones already here just
suddenly went away
yeah looks like i won't be retiring
anytime soon
that's right we need to keep protecting
everyone
i heard they're going to change the
other reports to a system that tracks
them on the surface
it looks like things are going to start
changing around here
little by little all right
let's do what we came here to do
that should do it i want to thank
everyone for coming today to honor him
so we're the only ones who remember
karen
the world changed but we weren't
affected by it
erasing his own existence like that i
never would have thought he had it in
him
maybe it was the price to change the
world the way he desired
although i'm sure he doesn't look at it
as paying a price
why do you have to go off and make me an
only child
he will exist as long as we remember him
we know that he was here in this world
yes
[Music]
well are you guys ready to head home
i wouldn't mind taking out a few others
around here on our way out
oh such the diligent soldier who in
their right mind asks to do more work
[Music]
sunny
i heard that you're leaving that you're
going to the moon
yes it's something i've been thinking of
ever since we heard about it in togetsu
if the people there are suffering from
metamorphosis
then there might be something i can do
to help them
what if we can control the other
particles by using new himucus
metamorphosis technology
wouldn't that be ironic
i'm glad to hear a lot of people will be
helping you
honestly i have expected you to try to
do it alone
i would if i had to it won't be a
problem
even if i'm alone
yeah you're right we're alone
maybe that's just part of being alive
but we're still connected
no matter how far we go
[Music]
yuito what'll you do now
i figure i'll stay in the osf a little
bit longer
after that
who can say
i'd like to make a society where powers
don't decide your fate
and i need to deal with my family's
actions changing the world is definitely
a tall order i know it'll take more than
just talk
[Music]
don't forget we saved the world we
already did the hard part
that's why it's up to you to protect
this place
right i've got this
[Music]
[Applause]
you